Carnegie Mellon University Archives
Finding Aid 
for the
Herbert A. Simon Collection (1909, 1924) 1929-2001
143 Boxes (175.9 cu. ft.)


This collection was a gift from Herbert A. Simon to the Carnegie Mellon University Archives in 1998.

Under the supervision of University Archivists Gabrielle V. Michalek and Jennie Benford, the collection was processed, arranged and inventoried by David A. Andrews, Jennifer A. Aronson, Kathleen M. Behrman,  Salvador Berrigan, Hillary Bober, and Nikolas Henle.




NOTE:  Large portions of the Herbert A. Simon collection have been scanned to create a full text digital archive available on-line via a searchable database at: http://diva.library.cmu.edu/Simon.  Those items within the collection under copyright, privacy  or other restrictions are not available online.  There are various other restricted items within the collection that are plainly marked as such within this finding aid.  Inqueries about access to such items may be directed to the Carnegie Mellon University/Heinz Archivist, Jennie Benford, at jbenford@andrew.cmu.edu or at 412-268-7402, or via mail at Carnegie Mellon University Archives, 4909 Frew Street, Pittsburgh, PA  15213.







 

Herbert A. Simon Collection Finding Aid:
Table of Contents

Front Matter
Herbert A. Simon Collection: Records History . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . .	 3-6


Herbert A. Simon Collection: Scope Notes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     7-8


Herbert A. Simon Collection: 
	Records History and Scope Notes for Each Series . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   9-24

Container List
Series I: Personal Papers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    25-27

Series II: Schoolwork and Early Career . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   28-35

Series III: Illinois Institute of Technology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   36-40

Series IV: RAND . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . …41-46

Series V: Carnegie Mellon University. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  47-205

Series VI: Consulting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . 206-249

Series VII: Lectures and Talks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  250-302 

Series VIII: Publications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 303-457

Series IX: Correspondence. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . 458-550

Box 120; Additions to Series V, VII, and VIII………………………………………… 551-554

Series X: Student Dissertations .. . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  555-575

Series XI: Awards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 576-579

Series XII Miscellaneous . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 580- 589

 
Herbert A. Simon Collecton: Records History

Biography: Summary
Herbert Simon, winner of the 1978 Nobel Prize in Economics. Simon earned an international reputation as one of the founders of artificial intelligence. Dr. Simon's research extended from computer science to such areas as cognitive psychology, administration and economics. In 1975, he earned the prestigious A.M. Turing Award for his work in computer science. In 1978, he received the Alfred Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences, and in 1986, the National Medal of Science. In 1993, he won the American Psychological Association Award for Outstanding Lifetime Contributions to Psychology. Simon's books include Administrative Behavior; Human Problem Solving, jointly with Allen Newell; The Sciences of the Artificial; Scientific Discovery, with Pat Langley, Gary Bradshaw, and Jan Zytkow; Models of Bounded Rationality; Models of Thought; Models of Discovery; and his autobiography, Models of My Life. 
 
Biography
Herbert A. Simon (b. Milwaukee, 1916-d. Pittsburgh, 2001) received his A. B. in Political Science at the University of Chicago in 1936.  He earned his Ph.D. in 1943, in that same department headed by Charles Merriam, whose faculty favored a dissolving of boundaries between departmental disciplines and methodologies, and a corresponding application of systematic observation and quantitative analysis to political science.  The environment was a productive influence on Simon, who, even as a scholar of 17, was confirmed in “the idea that human behavior could be studied scientifically,” and had seen, “if dimly, the challenge of bringing to social science…the mathematical thinking that had been so powerful” in hard sciences.

Already extensively read in economics in high school, Simon’s undergraduate coursework in price theory gave him “a glimpse of the applications of rigor and mathematics to economics.”  At Chicago, Simon pursued private study in higher mathematics, eventually reading the equivalent of a doctoral curriculum.  Progressing into graduate work, Simon learned from faculty outside the Political Science department the significant advantages of constructing mathematical models of biological phenomena; of the uses of modern statistical theory in economics; and of the importance of logical foundations to the sciences.  The latter knowledge would serve Simon well in his computer science work, first in writing programming languages based on syllogistic reasoning, and then in defining the new field of computer studies as a logically-based science -- as he did with Allen Newell in their 1975 joint A. M. Turing Award lecture, “Computer Science as Empirical Inquiry: Symbols and Search”

After several projects in city management analysis under the tutelage of Professor Clarence Ridley, Simon turned his attention to organizational decision making.  His Chicago thesis, Administrative Behavior (1943; published, with revisions, 1947) eschewed previous classical theorizing on corporate decisions.  Where the classical model postulated an informed, centralized executive choosing amid a wealth of information to maximize profit, Simon applied the behaviorism absorbed at Chicago’s interdisciplinary Political Science department to produce a more realistic model.  Administrative Behavior defined modern, large-organization behavior as decentralized decision making, performed by middle managers that could not have available to them all the information (or the time and ability to analyze it) needed to make “maximizing” decisions.  Further, decision making behavior -- within or without the organizational frame -- is “determined by the irrational and nonrational elements that bound the area of rationality.”  As a result of “bounded rationality,” Simon later elaborated, decision makers opt for “satisficing” behavior -- decisions that are “good enough” within allowances and under influences.  A byproduct of Simon’s empirical study of organizational behavior was the note that decision making is a process of achieving mental subgoals that lead to a larger decision.  This process of “making successive choices along a branching path” became the pattern for Simon’s subsequent work in simulating human decision making by computer.  It lead to his prediction that thoroughly programmed computers, designed to learn from data and past decisions, would recentralize and rationalize organizational decision making.    
Three years (1939-1942) as director of the Bureau of Public Administration at the University of California, Berkeley, led to a faculty position at the Illinois Institute of Technology (1942-1949), where Simon eventually chaired the department of political and social science.  Returning to Chicago offered Simon the opportunity of joining the Cowles Commission for Research in Economics.  In its weekly meetings, Simon interacted with the Midwest's leading economists, mathematicians, and early computer scientists -- beginning the effort “to see and to be seen” which increased his influence and advancement.   Recommend by Cowles colleague Bill Cooper to the new Graduate School of Industrial Administration at Pittsburgh’s Carnegie Institute of Technology, Simon became a faculty member in 1949.  With Cooper, dean Lee Bach, and provost Elliott Dunlap Smith, Simon was instrumental in developing a faculty and a curriculum influenced by social science methods, creating “settings in which we could compare the ways decisions were actually made in business firms with the ways that economic theory and textbooks said they were made.”

In 1952, Simon began a 24-year consulting relationship with RAND, the Santa Monica-based “think tank.”  Previous years spent researching human problem solving behavior were to find maximized application when Simon, on his first RAND visit, encountered both digital computing and Allen Newell.  Newell -- who became Simon’s long-time research partner and faculty colleague at Carnegie Tech (later CMU) -- shared with Simon the conviction that the human mind was an information-processing system that manipulated symbols to “think,” the apprehension that the digital computer could perform non-numeric symbol recognition, and the realization that a programmed computer could formally mimic the “branching path” of decision making employed in problem solving behavior.  In January 1956, Simon astonished a Carnegie Tech classroom by announcing that, “Over Christmas, Al Newell and I invented a thinking machine.”  The LT (Logic Theorist), program used heuristic instructions strategized by Simon and produced by Newell and RAND programmer J. C. “Cliff” Shaw to adapt the original concept - solving visually-patterned chess problems -- to proving, with speed and success, propositional calculus theorems in Whitehead and Russell’s Principia Mathematica.  In 1957, the NSS (Newell-Shaw-Simon) chess machine followed -- a program designed to replicate human decision making in play rather than to win games.

Simon and Newell’s interest in interpreting the LT program as a cognitive theory of problem solving was tested with empirical evidence -- protocols composed of the test subjects’ thinking-aloud descriptions of their behaviors in problem solving tasks.  Subjects were clearly using means-end analysis, or comparing the task goal with their mental distance from it and noting the actions that could reduce the distance.  The important new observation was introduced into the programming of the GPS, or General Problem Solver, in 1957.  The GPS system performed a broad range of tasks using only one set of mechanisms.  Edward Feigenbaum, then Simon and Newell’s student, notes that the performance precedents in generality set by GPS “commanded the attention of its generation of scientists.”  Feigenbaum -- now at Stanford -- was among the students who developed, with Simon and Newell, the list-processing languages (IPLs or Information Processing Languages) that programmed the LT and GPS.  Other students designed programs that used heuristic search to plan industrial productions, and expert systems to diagnose problems and offer solutions in specialized fields.

Simon’s books and publications since Administrative Behavior reflect the range of his research interests and their influence on economic, cognitive, and artificial intelligence studies.  Papers such as “On the Definition of the Causal Relation” (1952) and “Causal Ordering and Identifiability” (1953) offered insights into the breaking down of complex equation systems -- cited in the announcement of his 1978 Nobel Prize as “of particular importance” to the economic sciences.  Models of Man (1957) collected papers on causality written for the Cowles Commission with work from his Carnegie and RAND research; “A Behavioral Model of Rational Choice” (first published 1955) formalized the theory of bounded rationality and introduced the satisficing concept.   Simon’s 1959 New York University lectures on management generated his 1960 book, The New Science of Management Decision; his 1968 Compton Lectures at MIT on artificial intelligence produced The Sciences of the Artificial (1969).  Both works assessed and predicted the social effects of his researches to the chagrin of other theorists, as was frequently the case with Simon’s predictions.  The long-deferred (for research interests) co-production with Allen Newell, Human Problem Solving (1972), summarized 30 years of research into cognition and its successful experimental translation to computer programming.  Representation and Meaning (with Laurent Siklóssy, 1972) studied the cognitive import of the discovery that natural language computer systems could avoid semantic ambiguity by consulting combinations of pictures and sentences.
	
The 1975 citation of the Association for Computing Machinery’s A. M. Turing award, awarded jointly to Simon and Allen Newell, cites their contributions “to the establishment of [artificial intelligence] as an area of scientific endeavor,” and to “the idea that human cognition can be described in terms of a symbol system.”  The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences’ press release on the occasion of awarding Simon the 1978 Nobel Prize in Economics praised him for “scientific output…far beyond the disciplines in which he has held professorships.”  Whether in science theory, applied mathematical statistics, operations analysis, economics, or business administration, “Simon has had something of importance to say; and…has developed his ideas to such an extent that it has been possible to use them as a basis for empirical studies.”

Other of Dr. Simon’s honors include the Award for Distinguished Scientific Contributions of the American Psychological Association (1969); Distinguished Fellow of the American Economic Association (1976); the Frederick Mosher Award of the American Society of Public Administration (1974); the Procter Prize of Sigma Xi fraternity (1980); the Dow-Jones & Company Award (1983); the Award for Scholarly Contributions to Management of the Academy of Management (1983); the James Madison Award of the American Political Science Association (1984); the National Medal of Science (1986); the American Psychological Foundation Gold Medal Award for Life Achievement in Psychological Science (1988); the John von Neumann Theory Prize of ORSA/TIMS (1988); the American Psychological Association Award for Outstanding Lifetime Contribution to Psychology (1993); the International Joint Conferences on Artificial Intelligence Award for Research Excellence (1995) and the Dwight Waldo Award of the American Society of Public Administration (1995).  Dr. Simon’s numerous science organization fellowships and honorary degrees are listed in the records history for Series X, Awards, below.

From 1966 until his death in 2001, Dr. Simon was the Richard King Mellon University Professor of Computer Science and Psychology at Carnegie Mellon University.  He lived in Pittsburgh with his wife Dorothea (née Pye, d.2002).  They have three children: Katherine, Peter and Barbara.
 
Herbert A. Simon Collection: Scope Notes
This collection contains the papers of Herbert A. Simon, Ph. D., arranged in 12 topical series.  The collection has been processed for research use.  Some oversized awards to Dr. Simon are kept in the Fine and Rare Book Room.

The collection includes: scientific papers by Simon and others; project reports and research proposals; lecture materials, book and paper drafts, publications and journal article reprints; personal papers and awards; external correspondence, CMU interoffice Memoranda, e-mail, student papers, and research materials.

Series I.   Personal Papers, (1909) 1929-1979, houses papers related to the engineering career of Simon’s father, Arthur; diaries, appointment books and family documents of Herbert Simon; and security reports on Simon by the FBI and IRS.  The series occupies 1 box.
	
Series II.   Schoolwork and Early Career, 1929-1943, contains papers pertaining Simon’s high school education in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and to his undergraduate and doctoral work at the University of Chicago.  Drafts of Administrative Behavior, the theses Simon expanded into an influential book, are collected here.  Early organizational studies conducted at Chicago’s International City Managers’ Association and the Bureau of Public Administration at the University of California, Berkeley, are represented.  The series occupies 2¼ boxes.

Series III.   Illinois Institute of Technology, 1942-1949, houses course materials and administrative documents from Simon’s professorship and term as department chair at this Chicago institution.  The series occupies 1¼ boxes.

Series IV.  RAND Corporation, 1949-1973 (1991, 1994), collects technical reports issued during Simon’s years as a consultant and correspondence into the 1970s.  The series also contains technical reports, articles, notes, and computer runs for chess playing research and chess computer programming that extended into Simon’s post-RAND years.  The series occupies 1¾ boxes.

Series V.  Carnegie Mellon University, (1924) 1948-2001, contains course materials related to Simon’s professorships, and administrative documents important to the development of GSIA organization and curriculum.  The series also collects technical reports for the Complex Information Processing program; Simon’s editorial work on university president Richard Cyert’s book The Behavioral Theory of the Firm; a large collection of student theses and dissertations; and research proposals and administrative documents for agencies such as the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, and the Office of Naval Research.  The series occupies 10¼ boxes.

Series VI.  Consulting, 1942-2000, collects technical reports, committee reports, conference documents and correspondence for Simon’s many advisory involvements, as a committeeman for the Ford Foundation, the Social Science Research Council, the National Academy of Sciences, and the National Research Council, among others.  Simon’s tenure on the President’s Science Advisory Committee, during the Johnson administration and early Nixon years, is also represented.  The series occupies 8½ boxes. 

Series VII.  Lectures and Talks, 1951-2000, comprises drafts, notes, correspondence, invitations and other items related to Simon’s lectures at universities, research institutes, and conferences worldwide.  The series occupies 5 1/4 boxes.

Series VIII.  Publications, (1938) 1949-2000, contains drafts of three books, Administrative Behavior, An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving, and the autobiography Models of My Life.  Scientific papers, journal articles and reprints by Simon and others are represented, as are foreign translations of Simon’s works and correspondence with two of his publishers.  The series occupies 15½ boxes.

Series IX. Correspondence, 1940-2001, collects Simon’s correspondence with some of the world’s leading lights in economics, political science, computer science, artificial intelligence, and cognitive psychology.  The series occupies 29 ½  boxes. 

Series X.  Student Dissertations, 1985-2001, consists of student papers that Dr. Simon kept in his offices.  The majority of these papers are graduate dissertations with some undergraduate papers among them.  The series occupies 14 boxes.

Series XI.  Awards, 1958-1998, holds plaques, certificates, presented items, and other tributes to Simon’s achievements and celebrity.  Articles, reports, correspondence and photographs documenting Simon’s 1978 Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences are included.  The series occupies 8½ boxes.

Series XII.  Miscellaneous, 1951-2000,  is comprised of various items and papers from Dr. Simon’s home office.  These items were added to the collection by the Simons’ children after the death of Dorothea Simon in 2002.  The series occupies 3 boxes


Records History and Scope Notes for each series follow.  

Note:  A working knowledge of economic studies, artificial intelligence, computer science, and cognitive psychology would assist in understanding the collection.  Recommended reading includes Simon’s book, Administrative Behavior (1947), his autobiography, Models of My Life (1991), and materials in the Allen Newell Collection, such as Edward Feigenbaum’s memoir “What Hath Simon Wrought?” (1990), and the Newell-Simon authored A. M. Turing Award lecture, “Computer Science as Empirical Inquiry: Symbols and Search” (1975).  For further basic information on the Simon-Newell association, consult the records history for the University Archives’ Allen Newell Collection.  The Newell collection is available for on-line research at http://diva.library.cmu.edu/Newell/.


 
Herbert A. Simon Collection: Records History and Scope Notes for Each Series

I.   Personal Papers  (1909) 1929-1979
Records History
Materials in this series are not directly related to Simon’s work or to research found in the other series of the collection.  

The papers of Arthur Simon (Herbert Simon’s father) are located in this series.   Arthur Simon, an electrical engineer, came to the United States in 1903 after receiving his diploma from Technische Hochscule of Darmstadt, Germany.  He was an inventor and designer of electrical control gear, and later became a patent attorney.   He received an honorary doctorate from Marquette University for his involvement in professional and civic affairs in Milwaukee.

The series also contains security reports from the FBI, IRS, US Air Force and the United States Civil Service.  Herbert Simon requested copies of these reports through the Freedom of Information Act.  He was interested to find out why he had troubles getting security clearance early in his career at both the Economic Cooperation Administration and at RAND.  

Scope and Content Notes
The Personal Papers Series occupies 1 box (1 cu. ft.) These materials include daily planners, diaries, drawings, deeds and titles for Simon’s houses, and financial documents relating to his parents’ estates and insurance.  Materials related to Arthur Simon include applications, articles, awards, biographical materials, correspondence, papers, patent reports, and photographs.  The series also houses Simon’s government security reports, and contains Simon’s first published work, the 1949 newspaper editorial, “Thoughts on Evolution.”

File folders in the Personal Papers series are arranged alphabetically by topic. 
 
II.  Schoolwork and Early Career  1929-1943  
Records History
Simon attended West Division High School in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where he was active in the debating society, science club, Latin club, and student council.  Simon’s forensics topics led him to read books such as Henry George’s Progress and Poverty, Richard T. Ely’s Outline of Economics, and Norman Angell’s The Great Illusion.  These gave Simon an introduction to critical thinking in economics and the social sciences. 

As a high school student, Simon became involved in Rockmarsh, a project to use 2,000 acres of marshland at the head of the east branch of the Rock River to plant reed canary grass and raise beef cattle to be sold in Chicago.  Simon’s father, along with a group of engineers, invested in the plan.  Simon helped project creator Marvin Davis with the venture and spent summers at Rockmarsh from 1932 to 1936, though the project never achieved success.

Simon entered the University of Chicago in 1933.  Nominally an undergraduate Political Science major, Simon took advantage of Chicago’s interdisciplinary orientation, and policy of not requiring class attendance, to complete his undergraduate requirements in two years, while pursuing self-study in economics, higher mathematics, and languages.

Simon began graduate studies in Political Science in 1935 (his bachelor’s degree was awarded in 1936).  Department chair Charles Merriam became a greater influence, inspiring Simon to apply empirical investigation methods to the social sciences.  Simon became interested in applying mathematics to empirical research in economics focused on economics and political science.  Henry Schultz taught him econometrics and modern statistical theory; Nicholas Rashevsky introduced him to mathematical modeling in biophysics; Rudolf Carnap to the role of logic in the sciences.

Simon developed an interest in organizational decision making after writing an undergraduate research paper on the city government of Milwaukee.  Subsequent writings led to a job as a research assistant for Professor Clarence Ridley.  Simon soon became a staff member for the Ridley-directed International City Managers’ Association (ICMA), and an editor and statistician for its monthly magazine and annual Municipal Year Book.  He also co-authored a city management handbook, The Technique of Municipal Administration (1940).

Ridley’s mentorship brought Simon the position of director of Administrative Studies in the Bureau of Public Administration (BPA) at University of California, Berkley.  Along with Milton Chernin, Simon researched various aspects of California’s local governments.  By arrangement with Berkeley, Simon completed his doctoral work in California, taking his doctoral exams by mail.

Simon’s dissertation, Administrative Behavior, examined administration as a decision-making process -- its thesis of bounded rationality as standard organizational behavior originated in Simon’s study of Milwaukee recreation facilities.  A revised version of Administrative Behavior was published in book form in 1947, beginning Simon’s rise to eminence in organizational studies.

Scope and Content Notes
The Schoolwork and Early Career series occupies 2¼ boxes (2.25 cu. ft.).  The series contains materials relating to Simon’s schooling (high school, undergraduate, doctoral work) and his work at the International City Managers’ Association and the Bureau of Public Administration.
 
Represented are materials from Simon’s high school years, including debating notes, English and Social Science papers, and science worksheets and charts.   Materials relating to the Rockmarsh project include papers, charts, data, and maps.  Undergraduate and doctoral studies materials from the University of Chicago include course materials, Ph.D. exams, papers, including “Administration of Public Recreation Facilities in Milwaukee,” and drafts of his dissertation.  ICMA materials include annual reports, correspondence, data, Memoranda, and papers on measurement standards in municipal government, reports, reprints, and drafts of talks given by Simon.   BPA materials include the Simon-authored Manual of Police Records and Control, notes on a measurement study proposal, papers and drafts documenting BPA research, and progress reports.

File folders in the Schoolwork and Early Career series are arranged in alphabetical order by topic.


 
III.  Illinois Institute of Technology,  1942-1949
Records History
Simon taught at the Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT) from 1942 to 1949, becoming full professor upon the 1947 publication of Administrative Behavior, and chair of the Department of Political and Social Science thereafter.

At Illinois Tech, Simon taught constitutional law, urban land economics, city planning administration, elementary statistics, labor economics, engineering economics, and American history.  During W.W.II he taught courses in geopolitics and contract law for the naval officers’ training program.  Along with Karl Menger and Eli Sternberg, Simon created a seminar in the philosophy of science.

Simon’s heavy teaching load at IIT left little time for research.  He advanced his scholarship outside the University through participation in the Cowles Commission for Research in Economics (1949-1953), in Clarence Ridley’s International City Managers Association and through consulting work for the U.S. Bureau of Budget (1946-1949) and for the U.S. Census Bureau (1947).

Scope and Content Notes
The Illinois Institute of Technology series occupies 1¼ boxes (1.25 cu. ft).  It contains materials from courses Simon taught, such as City Planning, American Political Institutions, Economic Statistics, Contracts and Specifications, and Constitutional Law.  These class materials include notes, lecture notes, tests, articles, and outlines.  Several papers by Simon on political science topics are collected in this series.  The series also contains Faculty Council materials, such as reports, minutes, constitutions, Memoranda, and correspondence.  Collected, too, materials from the American Society for Public Administration, including newsletters, correspondence, pamphlets, and fliers.  

File folders in the IIT series are arranged alphabetically by topic.


 
IV.  RAND Corporation,  1949-1973 (1991, 1994)
Records History
After moving to Pittsburgh in 1949 to teach at Carnegie Tech, Simon kept up his ties with the Cowles Commission for Research in Economics; the association had put him in contact with members serving as consultants for the Air Force-funded RAND (Research and National Development) Corporation.  By 1952 Simon was a RAND consultant himself, and spent several summers (as well as the 1960-1961 school year) at its Santa Monica headquarters.  He formally ended his relations with RAND in 1976.

Simon’s first visit to RAND gave him advisory input to the new Systems Research Laboratory, where Allen Newell, John Kennedy, Robert L. Chapman and William Biel were studying the decision-making performance of Air Force base personnel under computer simulated air attack patterns.  The situation led to the Simon-Newell apprehension that computers could be used for non-numerical calculation, and the creation of the Logic Theorist and the NSS chess machine, by teletype hookup between Santa Monica and Pittsburgh.  During the RAND summer of 1952, Simon also wrote “A Behavioral Model of Rational Choice” -- the paper enlarging on the prospectus of Administrative Behavior -- and took in an influential lecture on chess play programming by John von Neumann.  Simon wrote an appendix answering von Neumann into the original RAND publication of “A Behavioral Model,” and later applied the experience to the NSS chess machine project.   	

Though the RAND Systems Research Laboratory project improved the response times of Air Force ground personnel, Simon and Newell considered it a washout scientifically, as they were unable, at this early stage in their relationship and research, to analyze the phenomena they observed.  Simon felt the pair “lacked the necessary language and technology to describe thinking people as information processors.”  This would change as Simon learned to program RAND’s state-of-the-art IBM 701 computers.

Scope and Content Notes
The RAND Corporation series occupies 1¾ boxes (1.75 cu. ft.)  Technical reports by Simon, Allen Newell, and J. C. Shaw predominate, on topics including the Logic Theorist and General Problem Solver systems.  Correspondence from 1958-1964 is also collected.

One file contains materials relating to Simon’s EPAM system project.  EPAM -- short for either the Greek philosopher Epamonides or Elementary Perceiver And Memorizer -- was a program that attempted to simulate human verbal learning behavior.

Articles and papers on chess playing methods and NSS chess machine research are also represented, including a scattering of publications postdating Simon’s term at RAND.

File folders in the RAND Corporation series are arranged alphabetically by subseries   
 
V.  Carnegie Mellon University  (1924) 1948-2001
Records History
While cherishing the “deep roots” he had put down in the public administration program at the Illinois Institute of Technology, Simon saw on visiting the Carnegie Institute of Technology that the infusion of Mellon endowment funding -- and the progressive attitude of administrators Cooper, Elliott Dunlap Smith, and Lee Bach -- would launch anew a Graduate School of Industrial Administration committed to modern study of organizational function and economics.  Simon’s 1949 move to CIT “seemed the logical sequel to Administrative Behavior.”

In the post-war climate of modernization, the Cooper-Smith-Bach triad (of whom only Smith had a background in management) had already applied education in wartime-tested quantitative analysis to GSIA’s undergraduate curriculum, and the new quadripartite team designed a Master’s curriculum focusing on the twin research areas of organizational behavior and quantitative management science.  Simon quickly found himself  “at once organization theorist, management scientist, and business school administrator -- the three rings of my circus.”

As Simon records in Models of My Life, the founding of GSIA was not without its quarrels, particularly between the progressive- and classically-minded members of the new faculty.  But by the mid-1950s the research projects produced at CIT earned it regard as one of the top three American business schools.  With University of Chicago classmate Harold Guetzkow (now a CIT faculty member), Simon planned a five-year research project taking off from the premises of Administrative Behavior.  The effort combined “field and laboratory research as well as theoretical studies,” and the collection of “empirical findings from many sources, not just our own work” as a base for theory.  The pair researched the influence of frame of reference learning and role apperception in organizational structure.  Another project, a controllership study, explored the influence of company accounting on production and sales.  A Ford-supported effort evaluated case studies of business situations, leading to a book, The Behavioral Theory of the Firm, by co-researchers Richard M. Cyert and J. G. Marsh.  Premises from the controllership research led to Simon and his colleagues perceiving decision making as virtually identical to problem solving.  The upshot was a rereading of Gestalt theorists on problem solving (Norman Maier, Karl Duncker, Max Wertheimer, and George Katona), which Simon characterized as “a first tentative step” toward the Newell-Shaw-Simon research in heuristic methods of problem solving in man and computer.”  This branching path in Simon’s researches is described in the collection records history, and also in the records history of the University Archives’ Allen Newell Collection.  

During the 1960s, Simon found himself at odds with GSIA’s drift away from social science-based research and toward a more formal mathematical approach than he favored.  Rather than buck the tide of new opinion among new faculty, he strove to “make sure there [was] room for economists of other persuasions” in the School of Urban and Public Affairs and the Department of Social and Decision Sciences created in the Carnegie Mellon University restructuring of Carnegie Tech.  Though Simon’s computer and cognitive research led him to move his office to the university’s Psychology Department in 1970, he continued thereafter in the position of associate GSIA dean and in shaping GSIA policy
 
Scope Notes
The Carnegie Mellon University  series occupies 10 ¼ boxes (10.25 cu.ft.) The series has two major components.  One is the assortment of research proposals, grant applications, project reports and correspondence addressed to the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, and the Office of Naval Research.

The second major component is seven boxes of technical reports generated by the Complex Information Processing (CIP) Project, an effort begun under RAND Corporation-Carnegie Institute of Technology cooperation, and continued under the aegis of Carnegie Mellon University.  Simon, Allen Newell, and other CIT/CMU faculty and students are prominent among the authors.  The University Archives’ Allen Newell Collection contains another assortment of CIP technical reports.

The series contains nearly two boxes of administrative documents, correspondence, and course materials from the formative years of CIT’s Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA), together with funding and administrative documents from the CMU years of GSIA.

One box contains technical reports referenced in GSIA dean (and later CMU president) Richard M. Cyert's book with J. G. Marsh, The Behavioral Theory of the Firm (1963).  Simon describes his role in the preliminary research toward that work in Models of My Life.

File folders in the Carnegie Mellon University series are arranged alphabetically, first by subseries and then by sub-subseries.  Other items pertaining to Dr. Simon’s work at Carnegie Mellon University can be found in Series X (Student Dissertations), Series XII (Miscellaneous), and among later additions to the collection that are housed in Box 120.
 
VI.  Consulting, 1942-1995
Records History
Concurrent with recognition of Simon’s expertise in organizational study were invitations to serve as a member of economics and science advisory bodies.  From 1949 to 1953, Simon was a member of the University of Chicago’s Cowles Commission for Research in Economics.  This group’s competitive weekly seminars featured the talents of staff members Tjalling Koopmans (Nobelist in Economics, 1975) and Jabob Marschak, and of graduate students Kenneth J. Arrow (Nobelist in Economics, 1972) and Gerard Debreu (Nobelist in Economics, 1983).  Others attending the seminars included Milton Friedman, Franco Modigliani (Nobelist in Economics, 1985) and George Stigler (Nobelist in Economics, 1982).  Simon wrote papers on causality and identifiability, and gained an understanding of John Maynard Keynes’ theories through mathematical models created by John Hicks and Modigliani.  He called the Cowles Commission his “fourth education in economics,” after high school, Chicago and Berkeley.   With Marschak and Sam Schurr, Simon researched for CCRE the economic aspects of atomic energy, and contributed papers to the CCRE after he left Chicago to work at Carnegie Institute of Technology.

Beginning in 1951, Simon was a consultant to the Ford Foundation, which admired the quantitative approach to business education emphasized at GSIA, and funded GSIA research.  Simon attempted to dissuade Ford from creating its desired Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences (CASBS), believing that the money should instead fund social sciences research at several institutions -- thus addressing an omission in science funding.  His input was unsuccessful, and Simon spent some time on the design and establishment of the CASBS for Ford.

From the 1950s on, Simon was a committee member, director, and, for five years, chairman of the Charles Merriam-created Social Science Research Council (SSRC).  Following Merriam’s mission, Simon sought to promote interdisciplinary research among the often factional-minded representatives of various disciplines.  He also advocated mathematical sophistication in the social sciences, and the extension of the SSRC’s mathematics interests to computer simulation.

At the end of the 1950s, Simon turned his attention to “seeing and being seen” amid the corridors of national science advisory agencies in Washington, hoping to promote the importance of social sciences to public policymaking, and the importance of scientific method in the social sciences.  Years before being elected a member, Simon exerted an influence on the views of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) through his work for the National Research Council (NRC), which admitted social scientists to its committees and governing board.  Simon and his compeers labored to get social scientists serving at NRC elected to the NAS, and to get NAS to admit a Social and Behavioral Sciences Class to its membership hierarchy.  Elected to NAS in 1967, Simon soon joined its prestigious Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP), which (as COSEPUP) later added Engineering to its concerns.  In the 1970s he served on a committee evaluating the social sciences research commitment of the National Science Foundation, and the Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control (CCAQC), which determined the auto emissions standards to be required by a renewed Clean Air Act.

In 1964 Governor William W. Scranton created a bipartisan Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee to study Pennsylvania’s milk control program, including the State Milk Control Law, and make possible legislative recommendations.  Simon was the chairman of this committee representing milk producers, distributors, retailers and consumers.  Its task was to study the 1937 Milk Control Law, in regards to current pricing and “fair trade” regulations. 

Simon was appointed by Lyndon Johnson to the President’s Science Advisory Committee (PSAC) in 1968 -- after an initial involvement, in 1960, as an external panelist investigating the Soviet Union’s cybernetics project.   Simon was the first social scientist appointed to the committee, traditionally made up of hard scientists, usually physicists.  During Simon’s tenure, the PSAC focused on making technical contributions to a US victory in Vietnam, such as ways to block the Ho Chi Minh Trail.  Simon opposed US involvement in the war and avoided this aspect of the committee.  He headed the Environmental Quality Panel, which examined the environmental impacts of phosphate detergents and auto emissions not covered in the original Clean Air Act.   He was also a member of the Westheimer Panel, which studied how research could improve education and how the federal government could accomplish this research.

In 1972, Simon visited the People’s Republic of China as part of a group of computer scientists hosted by the Chinese Academy of Science; in 1980, he visited the PRC as part of a delegation of the American Psychological Association.  After the latter trip, the National Academy of Sciences invited Simon to become a member of its Committee for Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China (CSCPRC).  Simon was chairman of the committee from 1983 to 1987.  During those years Simon visited China annually, in a cooperative diplomatic venture between the NAS, the Social Science research Council, and the American Council of Learned Societies.  Apart from formal meetings and facility tours, Simon in 1983 taught a cognitive psychology course at Beijing University, and worked on short-term memory research at the Institute of Psychology of the Chinese Academy of Science.

Scope Notes
The Consulting series occupies 8½ boxes (8.5 cu. ft.).

The Cowles Commission folders contain discussion papers in mathematics, economics, and statistics, as well as general papers by Simon, Debreu, Modigliani, Koopmans and others. Topics of these papers include organizational theories, quadratic forms, matrices, and causality and identification. The series also includes annual reports, agenda, mailing lists, memos and correspondence relating to the commission

Ford Foundation folders contain scientific papers on behavioral science and organizational behavior, reports, notes and Memoranda.  Collected also are materials related to the CASBS, including board meeting minutes, Memoranda and correspondence, and scientific papers.

Social Science Research Council folders contain agendas, correspondence, financial reports, minutes, and Memoranda relating to Simon’s work on the SSRC Board of Directors.  Memoranda and papers from the 1955 Conference on Business Enterprise held at CIT by the Committee on Business Enterprise are represented; as are annual reports, correspondence, Memoranda and minutes from the Committee on Simulation of Cognitive Processes; and correspondence, minutes and travel vouchers from Simon’s work on the Committee on Problems and Policy.   Materials relating to Simon’s work with the Summer Research Training Institutes include correspondence, evaluations, minutes, papers, participant lists, and proposals.  The series also contains general correspondence and SSRC annual reports.

National Academy of Sciences folders contain correspondence, annual meeting reports, committee reports, materials pertaining to the Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China, and reports of the COSPUP and COSEPUP committees.

National Research Council folders include reports, correspondence and Memoranda pertaining to the `Division of Behavioral Sciences, the Committee on Contributions of Behavioral and Social Sciences to the Prevention of Nuclear War, and the National Academy of Engineering’s Commission on Education.

National Science Foundation folders contain proposals and departmental and panel reports.  NAS research grants awarded to Herbert Simon are contained in Series V., Carnegie Mellon University.  

The Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee folders contain materials relating to committee meetings from September 1964 to December 1965, including minutes and Memoranda, briefs, expense accounts, correspondence, reports, and publications.

The President’s Science Advisory Committee folders contain topical reports on environmental pollutants and the behavioral sciences, correspondence and Memoranda.

File folders in the Consulting series are arranged alphabetically by name of the agency for which the consulting was done.

 
VII.  Lectures and Talks,  1951-1991 (1993-1994)
Records History
Simon’s lecture history traces the shifting, interrelated course of his research interests, from political science to economics through cognitive psychology, computer science and artificial intelligence, to recognition of the social sciences and encouragement of their use of empirical research methods.

Highlights of the series include materials pertaining to: the 1963 William James Lectures, “Symbolic Processes in Human Behavior,” at Harvard; the 1975 A. M. Turing Award lecture, “Computer Science as Empirical Inquiry,” which established the scientific rigor of the burgeoning field; the Katz-Newcomb Lecture, “Why Cognitive Psychology is Social Psychology, at the University of Michigan; the 1981 Gaither Lecture, “The Sciences of the Artificial Revisited, at the University of California, Berkeley; the 1982 Indiana University lecture, “Significance of Computers”; and the 1983 Marschak Lecture, “Theory from Measurement,” at UCLA

Lectures before the Ford Foundation and the Joint U.S.-China Economics Education Committee on the Chinese economy of the 1980s are also collected here.

Scope Notes
The Lectures and Talks series occupies 5¾ boxes (5.75 cu. ft.).  Presentation materials collected include lecture transcripts, outlines, drafts, schedules, correspondence, and brochures.  A large number of folders contain invitations to lecture that Simon declined.

File folders in the Lectures and Talks series are filed alphabetically by host agency, then by date of appearance.  Some later additions to the series can  be found in Box 120.
 
VIII.  Publications  (1938) 1949-1995
Records History
The Publications series collects those of Simon’s writings that do not relate directly to those collected in other series (such as RAND Corporation, Carnegie Mellon University, and Consulting).  Also collected are writings by other authors (including Allen Newell), chiefly in the form of technical reports. 

Scope Notes
The Publications series occupies 15 ½ boxes (15.5 cu. ft.)  Within this series, one-half box each is devoted to materials related to three books written or co-written by Simon.  A 1945 typescript of Administrative Behavior is collected here.  Models of My Life source materials include correspondence, depositions, proposals, and published articles.  The original manuscript is also contained here.  Human Problem Solving materials comprise drafts, notes, and comments by Simon and Allen Newell.

Three boxes contain published papers and reprints of papers written or co-written by Simon, together with folders of letters granting permission to reprint.  In addition to these boxes is a subseries of reprints of articles by Simon.  These reprints have been maintained in the original numerical order created by Simon to facilitate their easy retrieval.  This numerical order is roughly chronological and is referred to within the collection as well as by an online Bibliography of Simon’s works, as maintained by the Psychology Department of Carnegie Mellon University.

Another three boxes contain technical reports written or co-written by Simon, together with technical reports by other authors.  Folders in these boxes frequently contain technical report drafts, notes, and correspondence.

One-half box contains correspondence with the publishing companies Prentice-Hall and MacMillan.

A few other later publications may be found in the Miscellaneous Series.  Later additions to the series can also be found in Box 120.

 
IX.  Correspondence,  1949-2001
Records History 
Materials within the Correspondence series include personal correspondence, student - teacher correspondence, correspondence with other universities and their scholars, with research and governmental agencies, and with private sector corporations.

Highlights include letters exchanged with figures in various disciplines that have bounded Simon’s polymathic career: economics (Kenneth J. Arrow, Bernard Berelson, Gerard Debreu, Tjalling Koopmans; Jacob Marschak); chess mastery (Edward Lasker); computer science (Edward Feigenbaum, Oliver Selfridge, Cliff Shaw); logic (Rudolf Carnap); political science (Harold Lasswell); and psychology (Edwin G. Boring, Adriaan de Groot, Carl I. Hovland, B. F. Skinner).

Of interest may be Simon’s correspondence with computer scientist Joseph Weizenbaum, who objected to artificial intelligence programming on the grounds that it was half-sham, and as well an assault on human dignity; and with author Pamela McCorduck, commenting on her book on artificial intelligence, Machines Who Think. 

Scope Notes
The Correspondence series occupies 29 ½  boxes (29.5 cu. ft.).  Files are arranged alphabetically by surname of the correspondent or by organization name.
 
Topical correspondence is also contained in series III through VIII and series X through XII.
 
X.   Student Disserations, 1956-2001

Records History
Dr. Simon served as a mentor and advisor to many students during his professional career.  His papers include a large collection of doctoral disserataions, master’s theses, undergraduate papers, and drafts of various articles that were given to him to judge and critique.  Many of theses papers are accompanied by memos, letters, and other accompanying information.  As some of these papers came to Dr. Simon as part of a vita, there are some restricted files among the series.  This series should not be considered a comprehensive collection of every student project that ever reached his desk.  Instead, it contains all the student papers within Dr. Simon’s offices at the time of his death .

Scope Notes
The Student Dissertation series occupies 14 boxes.  Papers are arranged alphabetically by title.  Some papers are accompanied by editorial notes, correspondence, and memos pertaining to the paper and Dr. Simon’s critiques and suggestions.
 
XI.  Awards,  1958-1998
Records History
Through his long and influential career, Dr. Simon has been awarded recognitions of merit not only by universities, but also by cities in the US and abroad, scholarly fraternities, and high-level scientific agencies.  His highest honor has been the 1978 Prize in Economic Sciences in memory of Alfred Nobel, commonly referred to as the Nobel Prize in Economics.  Other awards are listed in the collection records history, above.

Dr. Simon’s honorary degrees include: the D.Sc. from Yale (1963), Case Institute of Technology (1963), Marquette (1981), Columbia (1983), Université Paul-Valery, France (1984); Gustavus Adolphus University (1984); Duquesne University (1988), Michigan Technological University (1988), and CMU (1990).  He was awarded the honorary LL.D. by Chicago (1964), McGill (1970), Michigan (1978), Pittsburgh (1979), and Harvard (1990).

Other honorary degrees include the Fil.D. from Lund University, Sweden (1968); a doctorate in Economic Science from Erasmus University, Netherlands (1973); a doctorate in Humane Letters and Science, Illinois Institute of Technology (1988); a doctorate in Political Science, University of Pavia, Italy (1988); and a doctorate in Psychology from the University of Rome (1993).

Dr. Simon has also been appointed an honorary professor at Tianjin University, China (1980); the Central Chinese University of Science and Technology (1984); the Graduate school of Management, Chinese Academy of Sciences (1985); Beijing University (1986); and the University of Buenos Aires (1999).

Dr. Simon is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Economic Association (Distinguished Fellow, 1976; Richard T. Ely Lecturer, 1977), the American Psychological Association; the American Sociological Society, the Econometric Society, the International Academy of Management, the British Psychological Society (Honorary); the American Psychological Society, and the American Association for Artificial Intelligence.

Scope Notes
The Awards series occupies 8½ boxes (8.5 cu. ft.).  The awards are in the form of diplomas, certificates, plaques, medals, pins, desktop and display items, and letters of congratulation.  Some larger items are housed in Hunt Library’s Fine and Rare Book Room.  Items relating to Simon’s Nobel Prize include letters of congratulation, newspaper and magazine articles, and ephemera related to the ceremony and the trip to Stockholm.

Files in the Awards series are arranged alphabetically by topic.  Actual Items in the Awards series have been placed in boxes of appropriate size and their location within these boxes are itemized in an inventory list.

 
XII.   Miscellaneous, 1951-2001

Records History
Most items found in this series were added to the collection in two accessions from the Simon family in 2003.  Other items are from Dr. Simon’s CMU offices.

Scope Notes
The Miscellaneous series occupies 3 boxes (3 cu. ft.) and contains items from Dr. Simon’s offices, both at home and on the CMU campus.  This series is comprised of correpondence, publications, photographs, articles, administrative papers, computer discs, card files, cassette tapes, and various clippings.  While some of the items within the miscellaneous series do not fit into the other 11 series, a good percentage of items within this series cross reference with the other series, particularly Series V (Carnegie Mellon University), Series VIII (publications), and
Series IX (correspondence).
 
Series I.  Personal Papers -- (1909) 1929-1979

Box 1
Personal Papers

FF1	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Arthur Simon -- Applications -- Engineering and Patent Institutes -- 1913-1935
FF2	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Arthur Simon -- Article -- “Who’s who in Milwaukee” -- The Marquette Engineer -- May 1939
FF3	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Arthur Simon -- Awards -- 1913-1934
FF4	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Arthur Simon -- Biographical Materials -- 1907-1937
FF5	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Arthur Simon -- Correspondence -- Welding Transformers -- 1948 -- 1949
FF6	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Arthur Simon -- Paper -- “Alternating-Current Controllers for Steel Mills” -- 1915
FF7	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Arthur Simon -- Paper -- “Partners and Progress” -- 1943
FF8	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Arthur Simon -- Patent Reports -- 1909-1933
FF9	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Arthur Simon -- Patent Reports -- 1924-1936
FF10	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Arthur Simon -- Photographs -- Engineering Equipment 
FF11	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Arthur Simon -- Revoking Power of Attorney Records -- 1949
FF12	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Autobiography -- 1929
FF13	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Booklet -- Kiwanis Club of Squirrel Hill -- 1960
FF14	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Catalog -- The American Entomological Society-- N.D.
FF15	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Clarence Simon -- Respondent’s Brief -- 1943
FF16	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Correspondence -- Collecting -- 1930
FF17	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Daily Planners -- 1951-1977
FF18	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Deeds and Titles -- House in Chicago -- Notes -- House Listings -- 1948-1949
FF19	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Deeds and Titles -- Pittsburgh House -- Notes -- Photographs -- 1949-1957
FF20	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Diary -- July 1929
FF21	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Diary -- May-June 1932
FF22	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Diary -- July 1932
FF23	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Diary -- July 1933
FF24	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Diary -- Germany -- 1979
FF25	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Dorothea P. Simon -- Berkeley League of Women Voters -- Memoranda -- 1941-1942
FF26	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Dorothea P. Simon -- Berkeley League of Women Voters -- Publications -- Trends -- 1941-1942

Box 1- Continued
FF27	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Dorothea P. Simon -- Journal -- Journey to Evolution Valley -- 1941
FF28	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Drawings -- Children -- Cards-- N.D.
FF29	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Drawings -- HAS Portrait -- L. Bond -- 1979
FF30	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Driving Materials -- License and Papers -- 1940-1951
FF31	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Editorial -- “Thoughts on Evolution” -- July 14, 1929
FF32	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Financial -- Arthur Simon’s Estate -- 1948-1949
FF33	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Financial -- Edna M. Simon Estate -- 1969-1970
FF34	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Financial -- Health Insurance -- 1978
FF35	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Financial -- Insurance -- Household Inventory-- N.D.
FF36	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Financial -- Insurance -- Life Insurance/TIAA Materials -- 1942-1950
FF37	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Financial -- Insurance -- Miscellaneous -- 1961
FF38	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Financial -- Reports -- Incorporated Investors -- 1942-1946
FF39	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Financial -- Statue Charts -- 1942-1952
FF40	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Forms -- Selective Service System -- Classification Cards -- Leaflets -- 1942-1945
FF41	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Lists -- Stamp Collection -- 1928
FF42	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Lists -- Trees/Insects -- 1931
FF43	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Manual -- Boy Scouts -- 1931
FF44	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Music Sheets -- “Any Bond.s Today?”-- N.D.
FF45	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Paper -- “Conservation of Wild Flowers” -- Correspondence with Edna Simon (Mother) -- July 1932
FF46	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Paper -- Wisconsin Insects -- 1931
FF47	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Political Materials -- Independent Voters -- Pamphlets -- Booklets -- Notes -- Flyers -- Agendas -- 1944-1946
FF48	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Poetry -- 1935
FF49	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Publications -- Boy Scouts -- 1952-1954
FF50	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Rosters -- Boy Scouts -- 1925-1929
FF51	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Security Reports -- Department of the Air Force -- 1961-1965
FF52	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Security Reports -- FBI File -- 94-1-2391-32x and 116-108965 -- 1939-1948
FF53	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Security Reports -- FBI Files -- #161-1371 -- 1961
FF54	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Security Reports -- FBI Files -- #116-29596-- N.D.
 
Box 1- Continued
FF55	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Security Reports -- FBI Files -- #124-102 -- 1948
Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Security Reports -- FBI Files -- Lackland -- #140-13414 -- 1956
FF56	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Security Reports -- FBI Files -- United States Air Force Office of Special Investigations -- 1961
FF57	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Security Reports -- FBI Files -- White House Clearance -- 161-1686 -- 1961 
FF58	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Security Reports -- Internal Revenue Service -- 1961-1971
FF59	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Security Reports -- Notes-- N.D.
FF60	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Security Reports -- US Air Force -- 33-2454, 33-2464, 33-5833 -- 1961
FF61	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Security Reports -- United States Civil Service Commission -- 1948
FF62	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Sermon Booklet -- Beale, Arthur Stanley -- “Not Tragedy, but Romance”-- N.D.
FF63	Simon, Herbert A. -- Personal Papers -- Stamps-- N.D.
 
Series II.  Schoolwork and Early Career -- 1929-1943

Box 2
Schoolwork and Early Career

FF65	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Constitution -- Athena Debating Society -- Drafts -- 1932
FF66	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Constitution -- Chess Club -- 1931
FF67	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Debate Materials  -- Abolition of the $50 Scholarship -- 1931
FF68	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Debate Materials -- Disarmament -- 1932
FF69	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Debate Materials -- That Wisconsin Establish a State Police Force” -- Notes -- 1931
FF70	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Debate Materials  -- World War Debts -- 1932
FF71	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Diagrams -- Biology -- Classification Lists -- 1928, 1930-1932
FF72	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School --Diagrams -- Biology -- Photosynthesis -- 1928, 1930-1932
FF73	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Diagrams -- Cabinet -- c. 1929
FF74	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Flow Chart -- Department of State-- N.D.
FF75	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- List -- Graduating Class Addresses -- 1933
FF76	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Papers, Essays and Exams -- 1930-1932
FF77	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Papers, Essays and Exams -- 1932- 1933
FF78	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Papers -- English -- 1929-1932
FF79	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Papers -- Social Science-- N.D.
FF80	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Physical Experiments -- 1932-1933
FF81	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- High School -- Yearbook -- “The Comet” -- 1932-1933
FF82	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Rockmarsh -- Data -- Livestock -- Notes -- 1936 -1938
FF83	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Rockmarsh -- Graphic Material -- Grain Per Cu. Ft.-- N.D.
FF84	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Rockmarsh -- Map -- 1934 
 
Box 2 - Continued 
FF85	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Rockmarsh -- Paper -- “Flora of Rockmarsh” -- 1933
FF86	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Rockmarsh -- Paper -- “Soil Analysis” -- 1934
FF87	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Rockmarsh -- Report -- “Land Classification and Utilization Tour”-- New York State College of Agriculture -- 1935
FF88	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Rockmarsh -- Report -- “Our American Forests” -- National Lumber Manufacturers Association -- c. 1925
FF89	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Rockmarsh -- Topographic Maps -- U.S. Geological Survey -- 1932
FF90	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Bibliography -- Economics 307 -- 1936-1937 
FF91	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Bibliography -- Fiscal Problems of Municipalities (Economics 363) -- N.D.
FF92	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Bibliography -- Government Finance (Economics 360) -- N.D.
FF93	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Bibliography -- Logical Positivism -- N.D.
FF94	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Bibliography -- Methods of Social Research (Sociology 402) -- c. 1930     
FF95	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Bibliography -- Modern Logic -- N.D.
FF96	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Bibliography -- Nonrational Factors in Political Behavior (Political Science 337) -- 1938
FF97	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Bibliography -- Russia Since 1900 (History 340) -- N.D.
FF98	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Bibliography -- Scope and Method in Political Science (Political Science 455)-- N.D.
FF99	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Bibliography -- “Mr. Merriam Appears”-- N.D.
FF100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Booklet -- Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago-- N.D.
FF101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Correspondence -- Academic Transcripts -- 1933-1942
FF102	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Correspondence -- Academic Transcript -- 1933-1941
FF103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Course Materials -- The Technique of Municipal Administration -- 1940
FF104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Diploma -- Doctorate in Political Science -- 1943
FF105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago --Exams -- 1939-1940
FF106	 Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Exam -- Political Parties and Propaganda -- 1940
 
Box 2 - Continued
FF107	 Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Exam -- Political Theory -- 1940-1941
FF108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Exam -- Public Law -- 1940
FF109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Exams -- Statistics -- For Ph.D. Degree (Political Science) -- 1940
FF110	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Index -- Phi Beta Kappa -- 1934
FF111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Memorandum -- “Public Administration in Public Interest” -- Lepawsky and Hynning -- 1936
FF112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Notebook -- Notes for Prelim Exams -- 1941
FF113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Notes -- Jacksonian Election -- Graphs-- N.D.
FF114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- “Organization Study” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Paper -- “Administration of Public Recreational Facilities in Milwaukee” -- Simon -- 1935
FF116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Paper -- “Administration of Public Recreational Facilities in Milwaukee” -- Simon -- Drafts -- Notes -- 1935
FF117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Paper -- “Administration of Public Recreational Facilities in Milwaukee” -- Simon -- Drafts -- Platt Book -- 1935
FF118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Paper -- “Analysis of Elements of Political Behavior by Means of Multiple - Factor Methods” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Paper -- “A Generalized Interpretation of Regression Coefficients” -- Simon -- Drafts-- N.D.
FF120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago --Paper -- “A Political Scientist Looks at American Discovery at the 1940 Election” -- October 25, 1940
FF121	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Publications -- Student Magazine (Photos of Dr. and Mrs. Simon, Bill Cooper) -- Pulse 1:3 -- November 1937
FF122	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Reports -- Annual Report of the Political Science Department -- 1927-1939
FF123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Reprints -- on Economics -- 1931, 1939, 1941, 1947-1948
FF124	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Research Seminar in Logic Papers and Rough Drafts -- 1937-1938
FF125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Notes and Writings on Other’s Theories -- 1937-1941

Box 2 - Continued
FF126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Notes, Chapter Dafts, Outlines, Miscellaneous Materials -- 1937,1939
FF127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Notes, 1st Chapter Draft, Outlines, Calculations-- N.D.
FF128	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Outline -- THEORY OF ADMINISTRATIVE DECISIONS -- Abstract-- N.D.
FF129	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) --Chapter II --“What Are Principles of Administration?” -- Notes, Outline-- N.D.
FF130	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Chapter III --“Logical Theory of Decisions” -- Notes, Outline-- N.D.
FF131	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Chapter IV -- “The Psychology of Administrative Decisions” -- Notes, Outline-- N.D.
FF132	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Chapter V -- “The Concept of Authority” -- Notes, Outline-- N.D.
FF133	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Chapter VI -- “The Criterion of Efficiency” -- Notes, Outline-- N.D.
FF134	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Chapter VII -- “Institutionalization of Decisions” -- Notes, Outline-- N.D.
FF135	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Chapter VIII -- “The Control of Decisions” -- Notes, Outline-- N.D.
FF136	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Chapter IX -- “Organizing the Skills of Decision” -- Notes, Outlines -- December 1941 
FF137	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Draft-- N.D.
FF138	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago --Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Draft -- A THEORY OF ADMINISTRATIVE DECISION -- Chapters 1-IV -- December 1941
FF139	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Draft -- A THEORY OF ADMINISTRATIVE DECISION -- Chapters V-VII -- December 1941
FF140	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- University of Chicago -- Thesis (Administrative Behavior) -- Draft -- A THEORY OF ADMINISTRATIVE DECISION -- Chapters VII-IX, Appendices A-B -- Copyright Register
 
Box 3
Schoolwork and Early Career

FF141	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Annual Reports -- 1936-1950
FF142	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Article -- “Ridley Analyzes Standards for Administrative Measurement in Study” -- Horton -- February 10,1937
FF143	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Bibliography -- City Planning-- N.D.
FF144	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Booklet -- “Recent Council-Manager Developments and Directory of Council-Manager Cities” -- 1949
FF145	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Booklet -- “The Story of the City Manager Plan” -- 1938
FF146	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association --Book -- “MANAGEMENT METHODS IN CITY GOVERNMENT” -- Nolting -- 1942
FF147	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association --Correspondence -- The Annuals -- 1937-1938
FF148	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association --Correspondence -- Municipal Yearbook -- 1942-1944
FF149	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Data -- Form for Recording Opinions Relative to Police Department Functioning-- N.D.
FF150	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Data -- Indian Business Management Education Study-- N.D.
FF151	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Directories -- RECENT COUNCIL-MANAGER DEVELOPMENT AND DIRECTORY OF COUNCIL-MANAGER CITIES -- 1942-1945
FF152	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- International City Manager’s Association -- Leaflets -- 1943-1945
FF153	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association --List -- International Congress of Scientific Management Delegates-- N.D.
FF154	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Memoranda -- Research in Measurement Standards -- 1937-1939
FF155	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Memoranda -- The Special Services Program of PAS (Public Administration Service) -- 1938
FF156	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Notes -- Tables -- Metropolitan District Survey-- N.D.
FF157	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Paper -- “Appraisal of Municipal Fire Administration” -- Simon-- N.D.
 
Box 3 - Continued
FF158	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- --Paper - “Criterion of Efficiency” -- Ridley and Simon -- 1938
FF159	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Paper -- “Health, Fire, and Traffic Safety Contests” -- Simon -- 1937
FF160	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association --Paper -- “Inter-City Contests” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF161	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Paper -- “Measurement of Recreation Administration” -- Simon -- Leaflet -- 1937
FF162	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Paper -- “Measurement Standards in Municipal Government” -- Simon -- 1937
FF163	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Paper -- “Next Steps in the Measurement of Municipal Activities” -- Ridley and Simon-- N.D. 
FF164	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Paper -- “Standards of Street Cleanliness” -- Simon -- 1937
FF165	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Paper -- “The Statistical Treatment of Spatial Variates” -- Simon -- Outline --Calcultions-- N.D.
FF166	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Paper -- “What Municipal Officials Are Reporting” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Programs -- Annual ICMA Conference -- 1937-1945
FF168	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Publications -- “Annual Appraisal of Municipal Reports” -- Ridley -- NATIONAL MUNICIPAL REVIEW -- 24:1 -- Reprint -- January 1935
FF169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Publication-- “Annual Appraisal of Municipal Reports” -- Ridley-- National Municipal Review XXV: 1 -- January 1936
FF170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association --publication -- “Sistribution of Police Patrol Force” -- Wilson --Public Administration Service No. 74-- 1941
FF171	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Manager’s Association -- Publications -- National Municipal Review -- January 1937
FF172	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Managers’ Association -- Publications -- Public Management -- January 1950
FF173	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Managers’ Association -- Publication-- 35th ICMA Conference -- 1949
FF174	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Managers’ Association -- Publications -- “The Work Unit in Federal Administration” -- Public Administration Service No. 56 -- 1937
FF175	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Managers’ Association -- Report -- “Financing the Schools 1934 - 75th Annual Report” Milwauke, WI -- June 1934
 
Box 3 - Continued
FF176	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Managers’ Association -- Report -- National Resources Committee Progress Report -- October 1937
FF177	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Managers’ Association -- Speech -- “Can Municipal Activities Be Measured?” -- Simon -- 39th Annual Convention League of Wisconsin Municipalities -- 1937
FF178	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- International City Managers’ Association -- Speech -- “Comparative Statistics and the Measurement of Efficiency” -- Simon -- 26th Annual Conference of the Governmental Research Association -- 1937
FF179	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Book Chapter -- “External Checks upon the Legislature” -- Grant -- The BicameralPrinciple in the California Legislature -- June 1927
FF180	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Booklet -- California Emergency Education Program -- 1934, 1936
FF181	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Budget Thesis-- N.D.
FF182	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Case Report -- Bibliography-- N.D.
FF183	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Expense Reports -- Administrative Measurement Studies -- 1941-1944
FF184	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Job Description Research Assistant -- Resumes -- 1939
FF185	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Leaflets -- Housing-- N.D.
FF186	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- List -- Staff-- N.D.
FF187	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Manual -- “Manual of Police Records and Control” -- Simon -- April 15, 1939
FF188	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Maps and Guidebooks -- California -- 1939-1941
FF189	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Notes-- N.D.
FF190	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Notes -- Chernin and Simon Proposal for Measurement Studies-- N.D.
FF191	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Paper -- “Appointment in the California Assembly” -- Simon -- April 19, 1941
FF192	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Paper -- “ The Central Valley Project” -- Simon -- February 24, 1941
FF193	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Graduate School of Business Administration -- Paper -- “General Appraisal Standards and Methods for Measuing Public Administration” -- Clack -- April 15, 1942
FF194	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Paper -- “Size of Visitor’s Caseload as a Factor in Efficient Administration of Assistance” -- Hastings and Schwartz -- March 1939
 
Box 3 - Continued
FF195	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Paper -- “Some Administrative Aspects of Regional Planning in the Tennessee Valley” -- Clapp -- 1940
FF196	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Paper -- “Some Tests to Determine Which of Two Universes Has a Larger Mean” -- Simon -- Instructions -- Experiment Sheets -- 1939
FF197	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Paper -- “Tests of Significance in the SRA Experiment” -- Simon -- Instructions -- Experiment Sheets -- 1939 
FF198	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Progress Reports --Administrative Measurement Studies -- Memoranda -- 1939-1945
FF199	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Proposal -- “Proposal for Measurement Studies of the San Fransisco-Oakland Metropolitan Region” -- Chernin and Simon -- August 1, 1938
FF200	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Proposal -- State Relief Administration of Californa Reorganization Proposals -- 1940
FF201	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Proposal -- “The Youth Coreection Authority Proposal -- Bill -- 1941
FF202	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork nad Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Publications -- “Organizing for Defense” -- California State Council of Defense -- 1941
FF203	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Publications -- “Population Statistics for Census Tracts: 1940 - Oakland - Berkeley, California, and Adjacent Area” -- U.S. Department of Commerce -- 1942
FF204	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Publications -- “Recreation in Hayes Valley” -- San Fransisco Housing Association -- October 1940
FF205	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Publications -- “Some Statistical Tests for Selecting the ‘Best’ Hypothesis from a Pair or a Family Hypothesis” -- (Later Published as “Symmetric Tests of the Hypothesis That the Mean of One Normal Populaiton Exceeds That of Another”) -- Simon -- 1939-1943
FF206	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Report-- Committee on Classification of Research Personnel -- Agenda --1939-1941
FF207	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Report -- “Direct Services to the Public Performed by the University of California” -- March 26, 1941
FF208	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration -- Study -- “A Study of Administrative Expenses in the Stte Relief Administration” -- January 25, 1941
FF209	Simon, Herbert A. -- Schoolwork and Early Career -- Bureau of Public Administration-- Specifications for Report Publication -- Data -- Correspondence -- 1941
 
Series III.  Illinois Institute of Technology -- 1942-1949

Box 3
Illinois Institute of Technology

FF210	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Administrative Behavior-- Notes --Reference Materials-- N.D.
FF211	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Advertisements in Public Administration -- 1944-1946
FF212	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- American Political Science Association -- Program -- 43rd Annual Meeting -- Program -- December 27-30, 1941
FF213	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- American Society for Public Administration -- 3rd Annual Meeting -- Program -- December 27-30, 1941
FF214	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- American Society for Public Administration -- Correspondence -- Preliminary Program -- Notes -- 1948
FF215	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- American Society for Public Administration -- Newsletter -- Correspondence -- 1945-1946
FF216	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Annual Report of the President (1947-1948) -- 1948
FF217	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Articles -- “Five on Faculty at Illinois Tech Win Promotion” -- “Tell Changes in Faculty at Illnois Tech” -- Authors Unknown -- Chicago Sunday Tribune -- 
FF218	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Article -- “Atomic Power: What Does it Mean to Our Peacetime Economy?” -- Simon -- Illinois Tech Engineer -- Announcement -- 1947
FF219	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Article -- “Some Economic Effects of Technological Change” -- Simon -- 1948
FF220	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Atomic Energy -- Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists -- March 1949
FF221	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Atomic Energy -- Correspondence -- Notes -- 1947-1949
FF222	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Atomic Energy -- Publications -- Illnois Tech Engineer -- 1946-1947
FF223	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Axioms of Dynamics -- “Equality of Inertial and Gravitational Mass” -- Simon -- Draft -- Notes -- 1949
FF224	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Bibliography -- Mathematical Economics -- Notes -- 1943
FF225	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Bibliography -- Notes-- N.D.
FF226	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Book -- and Article Reviews -- c.1940
FF227	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Catalogs -- 1944-1947, 1949, 1945
FF228	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Colonel E.S. Johnson -- Article --Notes -- Correspondence -- 1948-1949
FF229	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Correspondenc -- 1947-1948
 
Box 4
Illinois Institute of Technology

FF230	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- American Politicl Institutions and Ideals -- 1942 -- 1944
FF231	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- American Political Institutions and Ideals -- 1946-1947
FF232	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- The City -- 1943 -- 1948
FF233	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- City Planning -- 1942-1948
FF234	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Constitutional Law-- N.D.
FF235	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Constitutional Law -- 1945-1946
FF236	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Contracts and Specifications -- 1945-1946
FF237	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Economic Statistics-- 1945-1946
FF238	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Grade Ledger -- **Restricted Files** -- Autumn 1943
FF239	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Grade Ledger --**Restricted Files ** -- Spring 1944
FF240	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Grade Ledger -- ** Restricted Files** -- 1944-1945
FF241	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials --Grade Ledger -- ** Restricted Files ** -- 1945
FF242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Grade Ledger -- ** Restricted Files ** --1945-1946
FF243	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Grade Ledger -- ** Restricted Files** -- Spring 1946
FF244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Grade Ledger -- ** Restricted Files**-- Fall 1947
FF245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Grade Ledger --** Restricted Files** -- Spring 1949
FF246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology --Course Materials -- Political Geography-- N.D.
FF247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- PSS 103 --Exams -- **Restricted Files**-- N.D.
FF248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Statistics -- Class Notes -- Exam -- Paper -- 1935-1940
FF249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials -- Statistics and Mathematics Exams -- 1938-1940
FF250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Course Materials --Theory of Organization and Management -- Mining Case Study -- Syllabus -- 1947
 
Box 4 - Continued
FF251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Curriculum Committee Meetings Mintes -- Notes -- 1946-1947
FF252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Curriculum Vitae -- Simon -- February 1, 1946
FF253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Directory -- 1947-1948
FF254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Faculty Council -- Minutes, Constitution, By-Laws, Correspondence, Reports -- 1945-1946
FF255	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Faculty Council -- Minutes, Correspondence, Memoranda -- 1947-1948
FF256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Faculty Duties -- Preport, Correspondence, Memoranda, Chrts, Questionnaires -- 1945-1947
FF257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Faculty Meeting -- President’s Annual and Semi-Annual Reports --ITT Faculty Minutes --1942-1949
FF258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology --“Faculty Work Loads” -- Simon -- Speech -- Correspondence -- 1947
FF259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology --Government Publications -- (European Recovery Program) -- 1944, 1948
FF260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Index of Publications -- Vol. 4 -- December 1955
FF261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Manual -- “The Technique of Municipal Administration” -- March 1, 1945
FF262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Memorandum -- October 2, 1942
FF263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology --Michigan Conference -- Proposals, Correspondence, and Guidelines -- 1947
FF264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology --Notes -- “The Effects of Increased Productivity upon the Ratio of Urban to Rural Population” -- 1946
FF265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology --Notes -- Theoretical Mechanics -- Bibliography --nd
FF266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Paper --“The Citizenship of a Minority in World War II: The Japanese Americans” -- Simon -- c.1942
FF267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology --Paper -- “The Classical Concepts of Mass and Force” -- Simon -- Philosophy of Science Seminar -- Correspondence -- 1947
FF268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Paper --“Effects of Govenmental Structure on the Land-Use Pattern in Metropolitan Areas” -- Simon -- Outline -- Notes -- 1946
FF269	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Paper -- “A Framework for the Description of Behavior” -- Simon -- Outline-- N.D.
FF270	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Paper --“The Meaning of ‘Democracy’ in American Political Thought” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF271	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology --Paper -- “Metropolitan Planning and Political Responsibility” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF272	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Paper -- “The Problem of Practibility in Applied Political Science” -- Simon-- N.D.
Box 4 - Continued
FF273	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Paper -- “The Significance of an ‘Insignificant’ Difference” -- Simon -- Correspondence -- 1944
FF274	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Paper -- “Social Science Research at Illinois Tech” -- Brozen and Simon-- N.D. 
FF275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Photographs -- Simon and Faculty-- N.D.
FF276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Police - Crime Rates -- Maps, Statistics ( 1940 -- 1941)-- N.D. 
FF277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Press Release -- Simon Promoted -- 1947
FF278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Program -- A Dinner For Professors Emeriti -- 1949
FF279	Simon, Herbert A.--  Illinois Institute of Technology -- Program -- Symposium of Social Psychology -- University of Chicago -- 1947
FF280	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Public Administration -- Simon, Smithburg, and Thompson -- Book Chapters -- Correspondence -- Outlines -- 1947-1950
FF281	Simon, Herbert A.-- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Publication-- “Examination as Instruments of, and Obstacles to, General Education” -- Dexter -- The School Review-- N.D.
FF282	Simon, Herbert A.-- Illinois Institute of Technology --Publication -- Illinois Tech Engineer and Alumnus -- December 1942
FF283	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Publications -- “In-Service Training for Administratiors” -- Giddings -- Public Management 25:8 -- Reprint -- August 1943
FF284	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Publicatin -- Mathematics and Logic” -- Weyl -- American Mathematical Monthly 53:1 -- January 1946
FF285	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Publications -- “The Natural Science Program in the College of the University of Chicago -- Sayvetz -- The Journal of General Education 1:2 -- January 1947
FF286	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Illinois Institute of Technology --Publication -- “On Existence and Complimentary in Physics” -- Hutten -- American Journal of Physics 11:6 -- December 1943
FF287	Simon, Herbert A.  --Illinois Institute of Technology -- Publications -- “Outline of a Logical Analysis of Law” -- Oppenheim -- Philosophy of Science 2:3 -- July 1944
FF288	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Publications -- “ Teaching Social Science as a Set of Skills” -- Dexter -- American Sociological Review 11:6 -- July 1946
FF289	Simon, Herbert A. -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Publications -- “The Two Concepts of Probability” -- Carnap -- Philosophy and Phenomenological Research 5:4 -- July 1945
FF290	Simon, Herbert A.  --Illinois Institute of Technology -- Publications -- “What is Urban Development?” -- Simon -- Illinois Tech Engineer -- December 1946
 
Box 4 - Continued
FF291	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Report on the Educational Program of the United states Naval Postgraduate School -- American Council on Education -- June 27, 1947
FF292	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Rural an Urban Population -- Notes -- Papers --Correspondence -- Publications -- 1944-1947
FF293	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Study of Contemporary Society -- Notes -- Report -- Exam -- Bibliography -- 1941
FF294	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Talk -- “Earning a Living” -- Simon -- Notes --nd
FF295	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Technological Change -- “Invention and Cost Reduction in Technological Change” -- Simon -- Advanced Engineering Analysis Exams -- 1949
 
Series IV.  RAND Corporation -- 1949-1973 (1991, 1994)

Box 5
RAND

FF296	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Announcement -- Staff Award to Dr. Simon -- August 28, 1953
FF297	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Announcement -- Summer Research Training Institute on Heuristic Programming -- June 18 - July 27, 1962
FF298	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “Announce the Mate” -- Chess Review -- 1956 -- 1957
FF299	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “Chess Playing Programs” -- De Groot -- Proceedings of the Nederalands Akademie Van Wetenschappen A-67 -- 1964
FF300	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “A Chess Playing program for the I.B.M. 704” -- Bernstein -- Chess Review -- July 1958
FF301	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “Chess Riddle: What Value Calculation? Inspiration” -- Goodman -- The New York Times -- March 26, 1991
FF302	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess Article -- “Clink, Clank, Think” -- Garber -- Chess Life -- February 1964
FF303	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “Computer Chess: The Drosophila of AI” -- Coles -- AI Expert -- April 1994
FF304	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “ELIZA -- A Computer Program for the Study of Natural Language Communication Between Man and Machine” -- Weizenbaum -- Communications of the Acm 9:1 -- January 1966
FF305	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “Experiments in Chess” -- Kister, et al. -- Journal of the Association for Computing Machinery 4:2 -- Reprint-- April 1957
FF306	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “Experiments in Chess and Electronic Computing Machines” -- Stein and Ulam -- Chess Review -- January 1957
FF307	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “First Win in Robot Chess Match” -- Moscow News II -- 1967
FF308	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “A Heuristic Approach to Chess Programs” -- Carnegie Technical -- October 1960
FF309	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “Human Plays Chess Aggressively, but Machine Wins all Four Games” -- New York Times -- June 19, 1958 
FF310	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “An Investigation of Visual Search as a Technique for the Analysis of Heuristic” -- Tixomirow, Poznyaskaya, -- Varosi Psichologii 4 -- Transcript Translation -- 1966
FF311	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “A New Moscow Revolution” -- Stevens and Cantwell -- Sports Illustrated -- April 18, 1960
FF312	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “People and Machines at the Chessboard” -- Botvinnik -- Chess Review -- March 1961
FF313	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “People and Machines at the Chessboard” -- Botvinnik -- Chess Review -- March 1961
FF314	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess Article -- “Psychology Across the Chess Board” -- Hearst -- Psychology Today -- June 1967
Box 5 - Continued
FF315	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Article -- “You Can Lead a Computer but Can You Make It Think?” -- Dondis -- Boston Sunday Globe -- May 12, 1991
FF316	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Book Chapter -- “The Game of Chess” -- Simon, Schaeffer -- Handbook of Game Theory -- Aumann and Hart eds. -- Correspondence -- 1989-1991, 1993
FF317	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Correspondence -- 1960-1967
FF318	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Correspondence  -- Lasker -- 1959 -1963
FF319	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Correspondence -- Samuel -- 1962 -- 1963
FF320	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Corresspondence -- Shaw -- 1959 -1960
FF321	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Experiments -- Chess Position Experiments -- Haims -- October 30, 1959
FF322	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Experiments -- Chess Position Experiments -- Wagner -- February 2, 1958
FF323	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Experiments -- Chess Position Experiments -- Wagner -- March 27, 1958
FF324	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Log and Score Sheets -- Johnniac-- N.D.
FF325	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Log and Score Sheets -- Machack -- February - March 1967
FF326	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Log and Score Sheets -- Maniac -- November 7, 1958
FF327	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Log and Score Sheets -- Miscellaneous -- 1953-1970
FF328	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Log and Score Sheets --MIT Chess Program -- 1962
FF329	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Log and Score Sheets -- Rubenfeld Program -- 1966
FF330	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Log and Score Sheets -- Herbert A. and Peter Simon -- 1960
FF331	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Log and Score Sheets -- Stanford -Russian Computer Chess Match-- N.D.
FF332	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Memorandum -- “Alpha-Beta Heuristic” -- Edwards and Hart -- Artifical Intelligence Project -- RLE and MIT Computation Center -- October 28, 1963
FF333	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Memorandum -- “A Chess Playing Program” -- Kotak -- Artificial Intelligence Project -- RLE and MIT Computation Center --nd
FF334	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Notes -- 1957
FF335	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Notes -- 1957-1960
FF336	Simon, Herbert A.  -- RAND --Chess -- Notes -- Book Draft -- 1960-1964
FF337	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Notes -- “Chess Learning Machine I” -- Newell -- 1955
FF338	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Notes -- “1001 Chess Sacrifices and Strategies”-- N.D.
FF339	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Notes -- CP-I -- 1957-1960
FF340	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Notes -- Miscellaneous -- 1958-1960
 
Box 5 - Continued
FF341	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Notes -- Seminar with De Groot -- June 1960
FF342	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Outline -- “Perceiving and Thinking”-- N.D.
FF343	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Outline -- “Simulation of Preception”-- N.D.
FF344	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess --Paper -- “The Best Move: 58 Seconds”-- Toumanov -- English Translation by Simon -- June 10, 1962
FF345	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Paper -- “Chess as a Behavior System” -- Simon -- 1943
FF346	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Paper -- “Chess Position Experiments” -- Wagner -- October 7, 1959
FF347	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Paper -- “An Experiment in Chess Playing by Machine” -- Gruenberger -- October 13, 1959
FF348	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Paper -- “The Greenblatt Chess Program” -- Greenblatt and Eastlake -- May 13, 1967
FF349	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Paper -- “The Heuristic Activity of Man” -- Pushkin -- CSD Cybernetics Collection -- December 3, 1964
FF350	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Paper -- “Heuristic Study of King and Pawn Endings in Chess” -- Baylor and Schoene-- N.D.
FF351	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Paper -- “A Note on Chess Analysis: Mating Combinations” -- Simon and Simon -- 1959-1960
FF352	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Paper -- “On the Question of the Psychology of Scientific Creativity” -- Kedrov -- English Translation -- 1957
FF353	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Paper -- “Perception and Memory in Chess” -- De Groot and Jongman -- Memorandum -- 1968
FF354	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Paper -- “Perception in Chess” -- Chase and Simon -- Correspondence -- 1971
FF355	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Paper -- “Programme Playing Chess” -- Adelson-Velskiy, Arlasarov and Uskov -- 1965
FF356	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Paper -- “Report on the Play of Chess Player I-5 of a Book Game of Morphy vs. Duke Karl of Brunswick and Count Isouard” -- Newell, Shaw, Simon -- Chess Logs -- Notes -- 1959-1960
FF357	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Paper -- “A Simulation of Memory for Chess Positions” -- Simon and Gilmartin -- Draft -- Correspondence -- 1972-1973, 1975
FF358	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Paper -- “Skill in Chess” -- Simon and Chase -- Correspondence -- 1972-1973, 1975
FF359	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Programming Instructions -- 1958-1959
FF360	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Chess -- Publications -- Chess Life -- 1954-1967
FF361	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND -- Chess -- Publications -- En Passant -- Pittsburgh Chess Club -- 1957-1961
FF362	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND Corporation -- Chess -- Tables -- Match Results --nd
FF363	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Colonel Harry Allen -- Case Study -- Transcript -- 1954
FF364	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Colt Torch - Sachem Screw Machine Company -- Case Study-- N.D.
FF365	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Consulting -- Contracts -- 1951-1960
FF366	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Consulting -- Contracts -- 1961-1969
FF367	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Correspondence -- 1949-1957
 
Box 5 - Continued
FF368	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Correspondence -- 1958-1964
FF369	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Correspondence -- 1965-1976
FF370	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Correspondence -- 1951-1967

Box 6
RAND

FF371	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --EPAM ( Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Correspondence -- 1959,1962
FF372	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Correspondence -- Kanter -- 1959- 1960
FF373	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Experiments -- Notes -- 1957-1960, 1965
FF374	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Reference Article -- “Generalization of Serial Position in Role Serial Learning” -- Schultz -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 49:4, 1955
FF375	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Reference Paper -- “The Role of Repetition in Associative Learning” -- Rock-- N.D.
FF376	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Internal Security Documents -- Forms -- Lists -- Correspondence -- **Restricted Files** -- 1954-1968
FF377	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --List -- Summer Research Training Institute on Heuristic Programming -- Participants -- 1962
FF378	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Logic Theorist Program -- 1955-1956
FF379	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Logic Theorist Program -- Reference Papers -- More -- 1956
FF380	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Manual -- “Information Processing Language - V Manual” -- Newell, Tonge, Feigenbaum, Green, Mealy -- January 1964
FF381	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Memorandum RM-358 -- “The Performance of Task-Oriented Groups as Influenced by Their Communications Network” -- Bavelas -- MIT -- March 20, 1950
FF382	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Memorandum RM-546 -- “A Formal Theory of the Employment Relationship” -- Simon -- December 7, 1950
FF383	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Memorandum RM-709 -- “Report of a Seminar on Organization Science” -- Flood, ed. -- October 29, 1951
FF384	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Memorandum RM-1427 -- “The Prediction Problem” -- Author Unknown -- March 15, 1956
FF385	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Memorandum RM-3283-PR -- “Some Problems of Basic Organization in Problem-Solving Programs” -- Newell -- United states Air Force -- December 1962
FF386	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Memorandum RM-3337-PR -- “A Guide to the General Problem-Solver Program GPS-2-2” -- Newell -- United States Air Force -- February 1963
FF387	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Memorandum RM3588-PR -- “The Heuristic Compiler” -- Simon -- United States Air Force -- May 1963
 
Box 6 - Continued
FF388	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Memorandum RM-3731-CC -- “The Logic Theory Machine: a Model Heuristic Program” -- Stefferud -- Carnegie Corporation -- June 1963
FF389	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Memorandum RM-3879-PR -- “TIPL: Teah Information Processing Language” -- Dupchak -- United States Air Force -- October 1963
FF390	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Memorandum RM-4320-PR -- “LIPL: Linear Information Processing Language” -- Dupchak -- United States Air Force -- February 1965
FF391	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “A Behavioral Model of Rational Choice” -- Simon -- January 20, 1953
FF392	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “The Chess Machine: An Example of Dealing with a Complex Task by Adaptation” -- Newell -- December 28, 1954
FF393	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “Chess Playing Programs and the Problem of Complexity” -- Newell, Shaw, Simon -- September 4, 1958
FF394	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --“A Command Structure for Complex Information Processing” -- Shaw, Newell, Simon, Ellis -- August 20, 1958
FF395	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “Computer Simulation of Human Thinking” -- Newell, Simon -- April 20, 1961
FF396	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “Current Developments in Complex Information Processing” -- Newell, Simon -- May 1, 1956
FF397	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “Elements of a Theory of Human Problem Solving” -- Newell, Shaw, Simon -- March 4, 1957
FF398	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “Empirical Explorations of the Logic Theory Machine: A Case Study in Heuristics” -- Newell, Shaw, Simon -- January 11, 1957
FF399	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “Experiments with a Heuristic Compiler” -- Simon -- June 20, 1961
FF400	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “GPS, A Program that Simulates Human Thought” -- Newell, Simon -- March 30, 1961
FF401	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “The History, Purpose, and Script of Cogwheel” -- Newell, Simon -- June 24, 1957
FF402	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “An Information Processing Theory of Verbal Learning” -- Feigenbaum -- October 9, 1959
FF403	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “An Introduction to Information Processing Language V” -- Newell, Tonge -- March 4, 1960
FF404	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper --“The Logic Theory Machine A Complex Information Processing System” -- Newell, Simon -- Abstract -- Notes -- Outline -- 1956
FF405	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “The Logic Theory Machine A Complex Information Processing System” -- Newell, Simon -- Abstract -- Nnotes --Outline -- 1956
FF406	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “The Logic Theory Machine A Complex Information Processing System” -- Newell, Simon -- June 15, 1956
 
Box 6 - Continued
FF407	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --“The Logic Theory Machine A complex Information Processing System” --Newell, Simon -- July 12, 1956
FF408	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “New Areas of Application of Computers” -- Newell -- November 21, 1960
FF409	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “Notes on a Planning Program” -- Tonge -- September 9, 1960
FF410	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “On Programming a Highly Parallel Machine to Be an Intelligennce Technician” -- Newell -- April 1,1960
FF411	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “Optimal Inventory Policy” -- Arrow, Harris, Marschak -- November 16, 1950
FF412	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “The Process of Creative Thinking” -- Newell, Shaw, Simon -- September 16, 1958
FF413	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “Programming the Logic Theory Machine” -- Newell, Shaw -- January 11, 1957
FF414	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “Relation Between Linear Programming and Game Theory” -- Gale, Kuhn, Tucker-- N.D.
FF415	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “Report on a General Problem Solving Program” -- Newell, Shaw, Simon -- Correspondence -- Abstract -- 1958-1959
FF416	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “The Simulation of Human Thought” -- Newell, Simon -- June 22, 1959
FF417	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “the Systems Research Laboratory and its Program” -- Chapman, et al. -- January 7, 1952
FF418	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “The Systems Research Laboratory’s Air Defense Experiments” -- Chapman, et al -- October 23, 1957
FF419	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “A Variety of intelligent Learning in a General Problem Solver” -- Newell, Shaw and Simon -- July 6, 1959
FF420	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Paper -- “What have Computers to Do with Management?” -- Simon, Newell -- May 21, 1959
FF421	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Press Release -- “Johniac 1953-1966” -- February 18, 1966
FF422	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Progress Report -- Memorandum -- May 9, 1961
FF423	Simon, Herbert A. -- RAND --Transcript -- On Acquisition of Information in Learning -- Draft by Feigerbaum -- RAND Social Science Research Committee Summer Session -- 1958
 
Series V.  Carnegie Mellon Universtiy -- (1924) 1948-2001

Box 7
Carnegie Mellon University

FF424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Academic Institute Faculty -- 1982
FF425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- ACM Allen Newell Award Selection -- 1993
FF426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Advanced Research Projects Agency -- 1962-1977
FF427	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Agenda -- Meeting on Relativity -- 1987
FF428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Alfred P. Sloan Foundation -- Conference -- The Brain, Cognition, and Education -- 1980-1982 
FF429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University-- Alfred P. Sloan Foundation -- Dinner -- February 7, 1983
FF430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University-- Alfred P. Sloan Foundation -- Dinner -- 1985-1986
FF431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Alfred P. Sloan Foundation -- Grant -- Cognitive Science Program Activities -- 1976-1980
FF432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University  -- Alfred P. Sloan Foundation -- Grant -- Cognitive science Program -- 1979-1981
FF433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Alfred P. Sloan Foundation -- Grant -- Cognitive Science Program -- 1981-1985
FF434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Alfred P. Sloan Foundation -- Grant -- Cognitive Science Institutional Development -- 1981-1985
FF435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Alfred P. Sloan Foundation -- Grant -- Educational Implications of Infor ation -- Processing Psychology -- 1975-1977
FF436	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Alfred P. Sloan Foundation -- Outline -- The Behavioral Sciences -- N.D.
FF437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Alfred P. Sloan Foundation -- Publicaiton -- The New Liberal Arts: An Exchange of Views -- 1981
FF438	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Alfred P. Sloan Foundation --Report -- “Cognitive Science 1978” -- August 7, 1978
FF439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Alfred P. Sloan Foundation -- Report -- “MIT Center for Cognitive Science Status Report” -- 1980
FF440	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Allen Newell Award for Excellence in Undergraduate Research -- 1992-1993
FF441	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Allen Newell Memorial Service -- 1992
FF442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Allen Newell Memorial Service -- Remarks By Herbert A. Simon -- 1992
FF443	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Alumni Relations -- 1979-1988
FF444	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Announcement -- Turing Test Demonstration-- N.D.
 
Box 7 - Continued
FF445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Applied History Program -- 1975
FF446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Archiving the Allen Newell Papers -- 1992
FF447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “Carnegie Mellon’s Secret? Sticking to What it Does Best”-- Baker -- Business Week -- May 24, 1993
FF448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “Carnegie Tech Opens School for Bosses” -- Author Unknown -- The Pittsburh Press -- September 19, 1949
FF449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “The Cat that Curiosity Couldn’t Kill” -- Simon -- Carnegie Mellon Magazine 10:1 -- Fall 1989
FF450	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- "City’s 3 University Chiefs Each Earn About $200,000” --Guo -- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette -- September 15, 1989
FF451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Articles -- "Computer Develops Capacity to Learn” -- Plumb --“MIT Sets up Center to Investigate how Men and Computer Devices Think” -- Author Unknown -- New York Times 1958
FF452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Articles -- Cyert and CMU: Paying the Price for Education” -- Holland -- The Pittsburgher Magazine 1:12 -- May 1978
FF453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article --“Dr. Herbert Simon Appointed New Head of IA Department” -- Author Unknown -- Carnegie Tartan -- May 25, 1949
FF454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “L’ere de L’intelligence (The Factory of Knowledge)” -- Servan-Schreiber -- Le Figaro Magazine -- October 1988
FF455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “Falsifiability in the Logic of Experimental Tests” -- Skyrms -- Estratto Rivista Methodos XIV:35-56 -- 1962
FF456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “G.L. Bach Dies at 79: Professor, Writing Played Key Role in Prominence of GSB” -- Castillo -- Stanford University Campus Report -- October 5, 1994
FF457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “Herb Simon: Computers and Human Decision Makers” -- Defelice and Eoyang -- Focus 15:6 -- March 1986
FF458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “The Hornbostel Plan” -- Henderson -- Publication Unknown-- N.D.
FF459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “IN Pittsburgh Leert Men Ondernemen aan Universiteit” -- Rhinjsburger -- “Legio Excuses Voer de Falende Manager” -- De Ruiter -- Economisch Dagblad -- September 22, 1980
FF460	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “Man and Machine at Carnegie Tech” -- Author Unknown -- Time 83:14 -- April 3, 1964
FF461	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “Mutual Deterrence or Nuclear Suicide” -- Simon -- Carnegie Mellon Magazine 3:2 -- 1984
FF462	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “On the Shoulders of Giants: CMU Marks 25-Year Milestone in Computer Science” -- McNulty -- In Technology 3:6 -- November-December 1990
 
Box 7 - Continued
FF463	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “Professor Reports on China Trip” -- Siimon -- Carnegie Alumni News -- December 1972
FF464	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “Putting Computers in Perspective” -- Simon -- Carnegie Mellon Magazine 9:1 -- Fall 1990
FF465	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “Simon Says” -- Simon -- The Tartan -- c.1968
FF466	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “Tributes to Deceased Members” (John Christian Warner) -- Better to Members (NAS) 22:1 -- April 1992
FF467	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “A Tudomany Kepes Megszuntetni a Vilag Valsageit” -- Ervin -- Magyar Nemzet -- (Polish Language) -- June 11, 1988
FF468	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “What Simon Said” -- Saunders -- The Tartan -- January 1974
FF469	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article in Japanese -- 1987
FF470	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Australian Research Grants Committee -- Application by Cohen -- 1977
FF471	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Award -- Honorary Degree of Doctor of Science -- 1990
FF472	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Award Nominations for Allen Newell -- 1968-1994
FF473	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Science Program -- 1958
FF474	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- 1955-1961
FF475	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Frim Project -- Paper #1 -- “Organizational Structure and Pricing Behavior in an Oligopolistic Market” -- Cyert and March -- March 1955
FF476	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #3 -- “The Role of Expectations in Business Decision Making” -- Cyert, Dill and March -- 1958
FF477	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #4 -- “Models of Majority Influence in Group Decision” -- Tonge -- October 17, 1957
FF478	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #7 -- “Level of Aspiration Theory and Market Behavior” -- Starbuck -- January 25, 1959
FF479	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #9 -- “Oligopoly Price Behavior and Conditions of Entry” -- Cyert -- January 1958
FF480	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #12 -- “Introduction to a Behavioral Theory of Organizational Decision Making: Organizational Objectives” -- Cyert and March, February 1959
FF481	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #13 -- “Mercantile Credit, Monetary Policy and Size of Firms” -- Meltzer -- March 1959
 
Box 7 - Continued
FF482	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #15 -- “Portfolio Selection: An Heuristic Approach” -- Clarkson and Meltzer-- December 1959
FF483	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #16 -- “Computer Simulation: Some Methodological Problems” -- Cohen -- November 25, 1959
FF484	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #19 -- “The Role of Management Games in Business Education” -- Cohen -- February 16, 1960
FF485	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- # 20 -- “Computer Models in Dynamic Economics” -- Cohen and Cyert-- N.D.
FF486	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #22 -- “The Role of Management Games  in Education and Research” -- Cohen and Rhenman -- September 1960
FF487	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #23 -- “A Specific Price and Output Model” -- Cyert, March, and Moore -- November 1960
FF488	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #24 -- “Trust Investment: A Study in Decision-Making” -- Clarkson -- November 1960
FF489	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #27 -- “Two Approaches to Computer Simulation” -- Cohen -- December 1960
FF490	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #28 -- “The Computer as a Small Group Member” -- Haines, Heider, and Remington -- February 1961
FF491	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #29 -- “A Summary of Basic Concepts in the Behavioral Theory of the Firm” -- Cyert and March -- March 1961
FF492	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #30 -- “A Specific Price and Output Model” -- Cyert, March, and Moore -- April 1961
FF493	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #31-- “The Rote Marketer” -- Haines -- April 1961
FF494	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #33 --“Management Games, Information Processing, and Control” -- Cohen and Miller -- June 1961
FF495	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #34 --“A General Behaviroal Model of Price and Output Determination and a Procedure for Examining its Properties” -- Cohen -- August 1961
FF496	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Theory of the Firm Project -- Papers -- #35 -- “Behavioral Theory of the Firm” -- Williamson -- August 1961
 
Box 7 - Continued
FF497	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bibliographies -- “Return Over Short and Long Intervals” -- “Serial Learning” -- “Descriptive Semantics” -- “Modalities”-- N.D.
FF498	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Book Excerpt -- Memoirs -- Prince de Ligne-- N.D.
FF499	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Campaign for Carnegie Mellon University Libraries-- N.D.
FF500	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Booklet -- “A Celebration of the Life and Memory of President Emeritus Richard M. Cyert (1921-1998)” -- 1998
FF501	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Corporation -- Grant #1 [1-31074] -- 1960-1964
FF502	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Corporation -- Grant #1 [1-31074] -- 1964-1972
FF503	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Corporation -- Grant -- Self-Paced Learning -- Charap --1973-1976
FF504	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Corporation of New York -- Reflective Year Fellowship -- 1964-1968
FF505	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Chess Playing Programs -- Notes -- 1964, 1972
FF506	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Chess Playig Programs -- Programming Instructions -- 1968
FF507	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Chess Playing Programs -- Reports -- Match between R.W. Nealey and IBM 7090 Computer -- Zubenfield-McCarthy Match -- 1962
FF508	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Cobb-Douglas Function Studies -- 1971
FF509	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Cognet Cognitive Science Computer Network -- 1979-1982
FF510	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- College of Humanitites and Social Science -- Faculty Committee -- 1974
FF511	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences -- Social Science Department Advisory Committee -- 1976
FF512	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- College of Humanitites and Social Sciences -- Undergraduate Core Curriculum -- 1977
FF513	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences -- Annual Report -- 1978-1979
FF514	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Commendation from the Board of Trustees -- 1978
FF515	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Committee on University Goals -- “Undergraduate Achievement and Institutional ‘Excellence’” -- Astin -- Science 161 -- August 16, 1968
 
Box 8
Carnegie Mellon University

FF516	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Papers 1-62 -- Index -- 1963
FF517	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Papers 1-541 -- Index-- N.D.
FF518	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- “CIP Representative Bibliography” -- Newell -- 1967
FF519	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Notes -- Memoranda --Protocol Studies -- 1961, 1964, 1970
FF520	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #1 -- “The Logic Theory Machine A Complex Information Processing System” -- Newell and Simon -- June 15, 1956
FF521	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #2 -- “The Pure Theory of Problem Solving” -- Newell and Simon -- September 2, 1956
FF522	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #3 -- “Problem Solving in Humans and Computers” -- Newell, Shaw, and Simon -- Article -- November 19, 1956
FF523	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #4 -- “Elements of a Theory of Human Problem Solving” -- Newell, Shaw, and Simon -- Reprint -- November 19, 1956
FF524	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #5 -- “Notes for Lectures on Heuristic Programs” -- Newell -- November 20, 1957
FF525	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #6 -- “General Description of IPL-III” -- Newell and Shaw -- November 8, 1957
FF526	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #7 -- “A General Problem-Solving Program (GPS-I)” -- Newell, Shaw, and Simon -- 1957-1958
FF527	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #8 -- “Note: Improvement in the Proof of a Theorem in the Elementary Propositional Calculus” -- Newell, Shaw, and Simon -- 1958
FF528	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #9 -- “650 IPL Information Processing Language” -- Hensley, Newell, and Tonge -- January 31, 1958
FF529	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #10 -- “Development of a Heuristic Program for an Assembly Line Balancing Problem” -- Tonge -- February 14, 1958
FF530	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #11 -- “A Learning Machine: Comment” -- Newell and Simon -- March 17, 1958
 
Box 8 - Continued
FF531	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #12 -- “A Theory of Binary Choice Behavior” -- Feldman -- May 5, 1958
FF532	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #13 -- “The Process of Creative Thinking” -- Newell, Shaw, and Simon -- May 26, 1958 
FF533	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #14 -- “A Theory of the Serial Position Effect” -- Feigenbaum and Simon -- 1958-1959, 1961
FF534	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #15 -- “Chess Playing and the Problem of Complexity” -- Newell, Shaw and Simon -- May 24, 1958
FF535	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #16 -- “Manual for Programming in Information Processing Language V(IPL-V) with the IBM 650 and IBM 704” -- Newell, et al -- February 1, 1959
FF536	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #17 -- “Chess Position Experiments” -- Wagner -- August 27, 1958
FF537	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #18 -- “Discriminative Reaction Time of Human Subjects” -- Lindsay and Willis -- December 8, 1958
FF538	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #19 -- “Report on a General Problem-Solving Program” -- Newell, Shaw, and Simon -- February 1959
FF539	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #20 -- “What Have Computers to Do with Management” -- Simon and Newell -- February 1959
FF540	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #21 -- “Report on the Play of Chess Player 1-5 of a Book Game of Morphy vs. Duke Karl of Brunswick and Count Issouard” -- April 15, 1959
FF541	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #22 -- “The Simulation of Human Thought” -- Newell and Simon -- June 22, 1959
FF542	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper #23 -- “A Note on Chess Anallysis: Mating Combinations” -- Simon -- Paper #23-A and #23-B -- “Appendix” -- Simon and Simon -- December 1, 1959
FF543	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #24 -- “A Variety of Intelligent Learning in a General Problem Solver” -- Newell, Shaw, and Simon-- N.D.
FF544	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #25 -- “Heuristic Programs, Computer Simulation and Higher Mental Processes” -- Reitman -- May 1959
FF545	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #26 -- “The Processes of Musical Composition: A Preliminary Study” -- Reitman and Sanchez-- N.D.
 
Box 8 - Continued
FF546	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper #27 -- “The Corporation: Will It Be Managed by Machines?” -- Reitman -- January 11, 1960
FF547	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #28 -- “Comments on: Developing New Techniques by A.K. Watson” -- Simon -- January 25, 1960
FF548	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #29 -- “Comment: Toward Mechanical Mathematics” -- Newell, Shaw, and Simon -- February 8, 1960
FF549	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #30 -- “A Reading Machine” -- Lindsay -- February 11, 1960
FF550	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #31 -- “Binary Net Language I (BNL)” -- Lindsay -- February 8, 1960
FF551	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #32 -- “An Information Processing Theory of Intellectual Development” --Simon -- April 1960
FF552	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #33 -- “The Reading Machine Problem” --Lindsay -- September 1960
FF553	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #34 -- “Information Processing Languages and Heuristic Problems: A New Stage in the Bead Game: -- Reitman -- August 23, 1960
FF554	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #35 -- “Some Soviet Investigations of Thinking Problem Solving, and Related Areas” -- Reitman -- April 1961
FF555	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Papers #36 -- “Programming Intelligent Problem solvers” -- Reitman -- Ire Transactions on Human Factors in Electronic -- 1961
FF556	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #37 -- “ The Compostion of a Fugue: Protocol and Comments” -- Sanchez nad Reitman -- November 1960
FF557	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #38 -- “Human Acquistion of Concepts for Sequential Patterns” -- Simon and Kotovsky -- Notes -- 1962
FF558	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #39 -- “Heuristic Programs and Algorithms” -- Newell and Simon -- May 16, 1962
FF559	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #40 -- “Personality as a Problem-Solving Coalition” -- Reitman -- May 28, 1962 
FF560	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #41 -- :Trial and Error Search in Solving Difficult Problems: Evidence from the Game of Chess” -- Simon and Simon -- June 12, 1962
FF561	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #42 -- “The Formal Structure of Some Tests of Reasoning Abilities” -- Simon -- June 20, 1962
 
Box 8 - Continued
FF562	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #43 -- “An Introduction to Epistemology for Digital Computers” -- Simon -- August 1, 1962
FF563	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #44 -- “Heuristic Decision Procedures, Open Constraints, and the Structure of Ill-Defined Problems” -- Reitman -- December 14, 1962
FF564	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #45 -- “Extension of the Heuristic Compiler” -- Simon -- December 18, 1962
FF565	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #46 -- “A Model of Human Problem Solving: Serial Executive Plus Active Semantic Network” -- Reitman, Grove and Shoup -- March 18, 1963
FF566	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #47 -- “An Information Processing Language for Psychological Constraints” -- Reitman -- March 23, 1963
FF567	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #48 -- “The Theory of Human Verbal Learning: Effects of Similarity and familiarity” -- Simon and Feigenbaum -- Paper #48a -- 1961-1964
FF568	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #49 -- “The Sequential Pattern Problem Solver” -- Paper #50 -- “Serial Learning of Patterned Lists” -- Gregg-- N.D.
FF569	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #51 -- “A Survey of Simulaations of Cognitive Processes” -- Simon and Newell -- May 1, 1963
FF570	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #52 -- “Physical similarity and Individual Differences in Spatial Generalization” -- Ludvigson-- N.D.
FF571	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #52-A -- “Spatial Generalization as a function of Variation in a Non- Spatial Stimulus Attribute, Instrument and Individual Differences” -- Ludvigson and Caul-- N.D.
FF572	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #53 -- “Almost-Everywhere Definability” -- Simon -- Notes -- September1, 1963
FF573	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #54 -- “Radsong” -- Dupchak -- May 23, 1963
FF574	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #55 -- “A Theory of Emotional Behavior” -- Simon -- June 1, 1963
FF575	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #56 -- “Complex Systems” -- Reitman -- June 10, 1963
FF576	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #57 -- “Information Processing Models and Psychological Theory” -- Reitman -- June 20, 1963
 
Box 8 - Continued
FF577	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #58 -- “assembly Lin Balancing Using Probabilistic Combinations of Heuristics” -- Tonge -- June 24, 1963
FF578	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #59 -- “On the Concept of Organizational Goal” -- Simon -- September 5, 1963
FF579	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #60 -- “The Relative Effect of Overlearning on Reversal and Nonrevesal Shifts with Two and Four Sorting Categories” -- Ludvigson and Caul-- N.D.
FF580	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #61 -- “A General format for Representation of Cognitive Structure” -- Reitman -- October 4, 1963
FF581	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #62 -- “Some Applications to Concepts and Problems in Cognition” -- Reitman -- October 25, 1963
FF582	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #63 --“On the Simulation of Perception” -- Simon -- November 1963
FF583	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #64 -- “Thinking By Computers” -- Simon -- February 18, 1964
FF584	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #65 -- “Scientific Discovery and the Psychology of Problem Solving” -- Simon -- February 25, 1964
FF585	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #66 -- “Theories of Bounded Rationality” -- Simon -- March 12, 1964
FF586	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #67 -- “Information Processing in Computer and Man” -- Simon and Newell -- March 31, 1964
FF587	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #68 -- “An Example-Driven Problem Solver”-- Williams and Simon -- May 1, 1964
FF588	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #69 -- “Processing Language and Abstract Symbols” -- Author Unknown -- June 5, 1964
FF589	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper # 70 - “Heuristic Problem Solving by Computer” -- Simon and Newell -- June 18, 1964
FF590	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #71 -- “On the Relationship between Behavioristic Stimulus-Response Notation and Flow Diagram Notation as Representations of Algorithmic Problem Solving” -- June 24, 1964
FF591	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #72 -- “Simulation” -- Newell and Simon -- July 28, 1964
FF592	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #73 -- “The Promise of Automation” -- Simon -- October 7, 1964
 
Box 9
Carnegie Mellon University

FF593	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #74 -- “The Logic of Rational Decision” -- Simon -- October 20, 1964
FF594	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #75 -- “Notes on O.k. Moore Data for Problem D1” -- Simon and Newell -- November 5, 1964
FF595	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #76 -- “Information Processing Systems” -- Newell and Simon -- December 7, 1964
FF596	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #76A -- “Information Processing Systems” -- Newell and Simon -- February 22, 1967
FF597	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #79 -- “Word Concepts: A Theory and Simulation of Some Basic Semantic Capabilities” -- Quillian -- April 5, 1965
FF598	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #80 -- “Cognitive Processes in Solving Algebra Word Problems” -- Paige and Simon -- 1965
FF599	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #81 -- “The Use of Information Processing Languages in Psychology” -- Simon -- March 22, 1965
FF600	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #82 -- “Further Analysis of Data on: ‘The Effect of Rate of Presentation, Substitution, and Mode of Response in Paired-Associate Learning’” -- May 25, 1965
FF601	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #83 -- “A Note on Jost’s Law and Exponential Forgetting” -- Simon -- September 9, 1965
FF602	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #84 -- “The Logic of Heuristic Decision Making” -- Simon -- January 11, 1966
FF603	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #85 -- “Process Models and Stochastic Theories of Simple Concept Formation” -- Gregg and Simon --April 25, 1966
FF604	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #86 -- “The Real Time Computer in a Psychological Lab” -- McLean -- April 12, 1966
FF605	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #87 -- “On Reasoning About Actions” -- May 10, 1966
FF606	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #88 -- “Internal Representations of Sequential Concepts” -- Gregg -- June 1, 1966
FF607	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #89 -- “Time Measures of Implicit Information Processing as a Function of Task Complexity” -- Gregg and Olshavsky -- July 1, 1966
 
Box 9 - Continued
FF608	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #90 -- “Representations in Tic-Tac-Toe” -- Simon -- June 10, 1966
FF609	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #91 -- “An Information Processing Analysis of Mental Multiplication”-- Dansereau and Gregg -- July 6, 1966
FF610	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #92 -- “Effects of Induced Chunking on Temporal Aspects of Serial Recitation” -- McLean and Gregg -- August 26, 1966
FF611	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #93 -- “On the Use of Meaning of Prepositons” -- Clark -- January 30, 1967
FF612	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #94 -- “Task Environments” -- Newell and Simon -- March 13, 1967
FF613	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #96 -- “Task size and Heuristics” -- Newell and Simon -- March 13, 1967
FF614	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #97 -- “Verbal Compensation, Cognitive Synthesis and Conservation” -- Farnham-Diggory and Berman -- March 30, 1967
FF615	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #98 -- “The Task Environment of Chess” -- Newell and Simon -- March 31, 1967
FF616	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #99 -- “The Synthesis Process in Design - A Study Via Computer Implementation” -- Grason -- April 7, 1967
FF617	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #100 -- “A General Problem-Solving Program” -- Newell and Simon -- June 16, 1967. 
FF618	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #101 -- “Mental Health in the Classroom: Is a Psychiatric Model Appropriate?” -- June 1, 1967
FF619	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #102 -- “Cognitive Synthesis in Negro and White Children” -- Farnham-Diggory and Bermon -- August 8, 1967
FF620	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #103 -- “What Shall We Tell Our Computer or the Problem of Instructing an Automated Research Assistant” -- McLean -- June 9, 1967
FF621	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #104 -- “Pattern in Music” -- Simon and Sumner -- 1966-1967
FF622	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) --Paper #105 -- “On Judging The Plausibilities of Theories” -- Simon -- June 23, 1967
FF623	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #106 -- “The Analysis of Problem-Solving Protocols” -- Newell and Simon -- June 26, 1967
 
Box 9 - Continued 
FF624	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #107 -- “Studies in Problem Solving: Subject 3 on the Crypt-Arithmetic Task DONALD + GERALD = ROBERT” -- Newell -- July 1967
FF625	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #108 “Choosing a Move in Chess” -- Newell and Simon -- July 14, 1967
FF626	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #109 -- “Symmetry of Recall in Attribute-Object-Valve Triads” -- Huesmann -- September 1, 1967
FF627	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #110 -- “Electrocardiograph Waveform Amplitude, Heart Rate and Complex Visual Stimuli” -- Hunting -- March 1969
FF628	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #111 -- “Solving Problems in Logic” -- Newell and Simon -- August 14, 1967
FF629	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #112 -- “Semantic Distinctions and Memory for Complex Sentences” -- Clark and Clark -- 1967
FF630	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #113 -- “On Readiness and Remedy in Mathematics Instruction” -- Farnham-Diggory -- 1967
FF631	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #114 -- “The Use of Syntax in Understanding Sentences” -- Clark and Begun -- 1967
FF632	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #115 -- “An Analysis of the Interactio of Incentive Magnitude and Relative Event Frequency in Probability Learning” -- Lipkin 1967
FF633	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #116 -- “Comments on Some Acoustic and Grammatical Features of Spontaneous Speech” -- Clark -- 1968
FF634	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #117 -- “On the Use of Historical Information by Non-Conservative Children” -- Hayes -- 1968
FF635	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #118 -- “An Investigation of the Suitability of Autonomic Measures for Covert Conditioning” -- Moise -- 1968
FF636	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #119 -- “Strategies in Judgemental Research” -- Hayes-- N.D.
FF637	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #120 -- “Psychol: A Formal Language for the Control of Psychological Experiments” -- McLean -- October 1968
FF638	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) --Paper #121 -- “The Span of Apprehension: Form Identification as a Function of Number and Uncertainity of Simultaneously Presented Forms -- 1968
 
Box 9 - Continued
FF639	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #122 -- “Semantic Processes in Memory for Comparative Sentences” -- Clark and Card -- April 1968
FF640	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #123 -- “Psychometric Sensitivity and Statistical Stability” -- Green -- 1968
FF641	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #124 -- “Effects of Temporal Grouping and Instruction on Serial Acquisition of Binary Numbers” -- Parkman and Gregg -- 1968
FF642	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #125 -- “Temporal Variables in Paried-Associate Learning: The Law of Contiguity Revisted” -- Modine -- 1968
FF643	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) --Paper #126 -- “An Information Processing Model of Mental Multiplication” -- Densereau-- 1969
FF644	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #127 -- “Information Processing in the Perception of Chess Positions” -- Simon and Barenfeld -- August 28, 1968
FF645	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #128 -- “The Listener’s Detectin of Musical Pattern” -- Simon -- 1968
FF646	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #128A -- “Mathematical Models and Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon -- 1967
FF647	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) --Paper #129 -- “Some Semantic Methods for Language Processing” -- Siklossy and Simon -- August 15, 1968
FF648	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #130 -- “A Measure of Pronunceability of CVC Trigrams” -- Nodeine and Hardt -- 1968
FF649	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #131 -- “Meaningfulness and Pronounceability in the Coding of Visuually Presented Verbal Materials” -- Lappin and Lowe-- 1968
FF650	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) --Paper #132 -- “Memory for Semantic Features in the Verb” -- Clark and Stafford -- 1968
FF651	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #133 -- “Subjective Probability in Twelve Simultaneous Sequences” -- Lipkin and Willis -- 1968
FF652	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #134 -- “Reaction Time nad Recognition Memory as Measures of Information Retrieval from Visual Displays” -- Ellis -- 1968
FF653	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #135 -- “A Generalizaiton of Some Results of Sternberg” -- Wimberly -- 1968
 
Box 9 - Continued
FF654	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #139 -- “Eye Movements of Prereaders to Psuedowords Containig Letters of High and Low Confusability” -- Nodine and Evans -- 1968
FF655	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #140 -- “The Role of Letter Position Cues in Learning to Read Words” -- Nodine and Hardt -- 1968
FF656	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #141 -- “Stochastic Processes and the Guttman Simplex” -- Groen -- 1969
FF657	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #142 -- “Linguistic Processes in Deductive Reasoning” -- Clark -- 1969
FF658	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #143 -- “The Influence of Language on Solving Three-Term Series Problems” -- Clark-- 1969
FF659	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #144 -- “Memory and Hypothesis Selection in Early Trials of Concept Identification” -- Nevsted and Gregg -- May 10, 1969
FF660	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #145 -- “Role of Semantics in Remembering Comparative Sentences” -- Clark and Card -- 1969
FF661	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #146 -- “The Effects of Preview and Discriminability on Visual Search” -- Chase -- May 1969
FF662	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #147 -- “Optimum Policies or Wise Choices?” -- Gregg -- 1969
FF663	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #148 -- “Memory for Embedded Sentences” -- Begun -- 1969
FF664	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #149 -- “A Computer Controlled System for Training and Testing Primates” -- Moore and Jarrard -- 1969
FF665	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #150 -- “Role of Affect in Short-Term Memory for Paired Associates” -- Nodine and Korn -- 1968

Box 10
Carnegie Mellon University

FF666	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #151 --“Short-Term Memory in the Nonhuman Primate: Effect of Overt Restraint of Behavior on Performance” -- Jerrard and Moise -- 1969
FF667	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #152 -- “Semantics in Perception of Verticality” -- Chase and Clark -- 1970
 
Box 10 - Continued
FF668	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #153 -- “Information Processing Rates and Task Complexity” -- Olshavsky and Gregg -- Article --Journal of Experimental Psychology -- 1970
FF669	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #154 -- “Mental Operations in the Comparison of Sentences and Pictures” -- Chase and Clark -- 1970
FF670	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #155 -- “The Equivalence of Target and Non-Target Processing in Visual Search” -- Cavanagh and Chase -- 1970
FF671	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #156 -- “The Guttman Simplex Revisited” -- Groen -- July 1970
FF672	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #158 -- “How 3+n=8 is Different from n+3=8” -- Groen and Poll -- 1971
FF673	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #159 -- “Play Persistence: Some Effects of Interruption, Social Reinforcement, and Effective Toys” -- Farnham-Diggory and Ramsey -- 1970
FF674	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #160 -- “Stimulus and Response Repetition Effects in Choice Reaction Time: Trace Decay or Memory Search” -- Smith, Chase, Smith -- 1970
FF675	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #161 -- “What is Visual Imagery?” -- Simon -- 1968, 1971
FF676	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #162 -- “Vocalization as a Secondary Circular Reaction” -- Farnham-Diggory and Zomnir -- 1970
FF677	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #163 -- “Three Models for Simple Calculation” -- Parkman and Groen -- 1970
FF678	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #164 --“Response Latencies in Steady State PairedpAssociate Learning” --Parkman and Cavanagh -- 1970
FF679	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #165 -- “A Comparison of the Study-Recall and Anticipation Methods in Steady State Paired-Associate Learning” -- Cavanagh and Parkman -- 1970
FF680	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #166 -- “Similarities in the Cognitive Processes of Monkeys and Man” -- Gregg -- 1971
FF681	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #167 -- “Remarks on the Relationship between Artificial Intelligence and Cognitive Psychology” -- Newell -- 1970
FF682	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #168 -- “Current Success and Failure as Determinants of Authoritarianism” -- Sales and Friend -- 1970
FF683	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #169 -- “Information Processing by Computer” -- Kleinmuntz -- July 1970
 
Box 10 - Continued
FF684	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #170 -- “Semantics Memory: Aspects of Storage and Retrieval of Connected Discourse” -- Rosenberg and Parkman -- 1971
FF685	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #171 -- “Search Processes for Detecting Repeated Items in a Visual Display” -- Cavanagh and Parkman -- 1971
FF686	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #172 -- “A Replication of J.D. Bransford and J.J. Franks’ the Abstraction of Linguistic Idea’s” -- Singer -- March 1971
FF687	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #173 -- “Parallel Processing in Item Recognition” -- Ellis and Chase -- April 1, 1971
FF688	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #174 -- “The Theory of Problem Solving” -- Simon --April 12, 1971
FF689	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #175 -- “Temporal Aspects of Digit and Letter Inequality Judgments” -- Parkman -- April 1971
FF690	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #176 -- “A Single Subject on Probe” -- Gilmartin -- April 26, 1971
FF691	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #176A -- “Two Complete Protocols from a Single Subject on Probe” -- Gilmartin -- June 7, 1971
FF692	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #177 -- “On the Process of Comparing Sentences against Pictures” -- Clark and Chase -- April 1971
FF693	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #178 -- “Protocol Analysis as a Task for Artifical Intellegence” -- Waterman and Groen -- Article -- Journal of Experimental Psychology -- May 24, 1971
FF694	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #179 -- “Temporal Aspects of Simple Addition and Comparison” -- Parkman and Groen -- Article -- Journal of Experimental Psychology -- 1971
FF695	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #180 -- “Temporal Aspects of Simple Multiplication and Comparison” -- Parkman -- February 1972
FF696	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #181 -- “A Chronometric Analysiis of Simple Addition” -- Groen and Parkman -- October 1971
FF697	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #182 -- “Perception in Chess” -- Chase and Simon -- June 1971
FF698	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #184 -- “Practive Effects in the Comparison of Sentences and Pictures” -- Singer, Chase, and Clark -- October 1971
FF699	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #185 -- “Perceptual Coding Strategies in the Formation and Verification of Descriptions” -- Clark and Chase -- Article -- Memory and Cognition
 
Box 10 - Continued
FF700	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #187 -- “Effects of Modality and Similarity on Context Recall” -- Chi and Chase -- Article -- Journal of Experimental Psychology -- 1972
FF701	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #189 -- “Interaction of Encoding and Retrieval in Relative Age Judgments: An Extension of the ‘Cross-Over’ Effect” -- Ellis -- October, 1971
FF702	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #190 -- “Effects of Familiarity, Complexity and Spacing on’Same’-‘Different’ Judgements” -- Ellis and Chase -- May 1972
FF703	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #191 -- “On the Development of the Processor: An Overview” -- Simon -- June 1, 1971
FF704	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #192 -- “The Primacy of Generalities in Hypothothetical Reasoning” -- Revlis and Hayes -- June 1971
FF705	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #193 -- “Alternative Uses of Phonemic Information in Spelling” -- Simon and Simon -- July 14,1971
FF706	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #194 --“Relationship between the Need for Simulation and ‘Strength of the Nervous System’” -- Sales and Throop-- N.D.
FF707	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #195 -- “Relatinship between Kinesthetic Aftereffects and ‘Strength of the Nervous System’” -- Sales and Throop-- N.D.
FF708	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #196 -- “On Mechanisms for Coding the Stimulus: Preliminary Pass” -- Newell -- July 19, 1971
FF709	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #197 -- “A Model for Simple Numerical Processing” -- Parkman and Cavanagh -- September 1971
FF710	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper #198 -- “The Effect of Context in Visual Pattern Recognition” -- Charness and Bregman -- September 1971
FF711	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #199 -- “the Development of Equivalence Systems” -- Farnham-Diggory -- 1971
FF712	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #200 -- “Toward a Theroy of the Perceptual-Cognitive Interface in Development Psychology” -- Farnham-Diggory -- 1971
FF713	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #201 -- “Empirical Tests of a Theory of Human Acquistion of Concepts for Sequential Patterns” -- Kotovsky and Simon-- N.D.
 
Box 10 - Continued
FF714	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #202 -- “Production Systems for Children’s Behaviour: An Introduction and an Example” -- Young -- December 1971
FF715	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #203 -- “Complexity and the Representation of Patterned Sequences of Symbols” -- Simon -- January 4, 1971
FF716	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #204 -- “A Note on Process-Structure Distinctions in Developmental Psychology” -- Newell -- November 1971
FF717	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #205 -- “Cognitive Synthesis of Color, Form and Number” -- Farnham-Diggory and Ure -- 1972
FF718	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #206 -- “A Simulation of Memory for Chess Positions” -- Simon and Gilmartin -- March 15, 1972
FF719	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #207 -- “Linguistic and Perceptual Processing of Racial Information” -- Friend -- March 1972
FF720	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #208 -- “The Role of Eye Movements in the Comparison of Pairs of Patterns of Different Spatial Seperation and Different Similarity” -- March 1972
FF721	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #209 -- “Eye Movements During Visual Search and Memory Search” -- Gould -- May 1972
FF722	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #210 -- “Relationship between Strength of the Nervous System and the Need for Stimulation” -- Sales and Iacono-- N.D.
FF723	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #211 -- “Preliminary Results with a System for Automatic Protocol Analysis” -- Waterman and Newell -- May 1972
FF724	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #212 --“The Relation Between the Immediate Memory Span and the Memory Search Rate” -- Cavangh -- May 1972
FF725	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #213 -- “Thinking Progress” -- Simon and Newell -- 1974
FF726	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #214 -- “Visual Search, Complex Backgrounds, Mental Counters, and Eye Movements” -- Gould and Carn -- 1972
FF727	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #215 -- “Symbol Manipulation” -- Newell and Simon -- 1972
FF728	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #216 --“A Controlled Psychological Study of Computer Program Debugging” -- Gould and Drongowski -- 1972
 
Box 10 - Continued
FF729	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #217 -- “The Cognitive Synthesis of Auditory and Visual Symbols” -- Farnham-Diggory -- July 1972
FF730	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #218 -- “Grammatical function in the Abstraction of Linguistic Ideas” -- Singer and Rosenberg -- July 1972
FF731	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #219 -- “An Information Processing Model of Communication During Face-to-Face Interaction” -- Friend --August 1, 1972
FF732	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #220 -- “A Generalization of the Technology of Computer Simulation for Cognitive Research” -- Gregg-- September 1972
FF733	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #221 -- “Ramsey-Eliminability and the Testability of Scientific Theories” --Simon and Groen -- May 20, 1973
FF734	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #222 -- “Theory and Prediction of Literacy Skills: A Progress Report” -- Farnham-Diggory -- October 1972

Box 11
Carnegie Mellon University

FF735	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #223 -- “The Mind’s Eye in Chess” -- Chase and Simon -- November 15, 1972
FF736	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #224 -- “Processes for Sequence Production” -- Greeno and Simon -- 1973-1974
FF737	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #225 -- “Structure and Experience in the Matching and Reproduction of Chess Patterns” -- Ellis -- December 8, 1972
FF738	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #226 -- “Retrieval of Concrete and Abstract Prose Descriptions from Memory” -- Just and Brownell -- May 1973
FF739	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #227 --“Problem Solving and Rule Induction: A Unified View” -- Simon and Lea -- January 2, 1973
FF740	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper 228 -- “Color, Form, and Function as Demensions of Natural Classification: Development Changes in Eye Movements Reaction Time-- N.D.
FF741	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #229 -- “Information Processing” -- Simon -- January 22, 1973
FF742	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #230 -- “Skill in Chess” -- Simon and Chase -- February 12, 1973
 
Box 11 - Continued
FF743	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #231 -- “Lessons from Perception for Chess-Playing Programs (and vice versa)” -- Simon -- March1, 1973
FF744	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #232 -- “A Process Model of Short-Term Memory” -- Gilmartin --March 1973
FF745	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #233 -- “Extracting Information From Counterfactual Clauses” -- Carpenter -- March 1973
FF746	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #234 --“The Structure of Ill Structured Problems” -- Simon -- 1973
FF747	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #235 -- “Does Scientific Discovery Have a Logic?”-- Simon -- March 30, 1973
FF748	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #236 --“Understanding Written Problem Instructions” -- Hayes and Simon -- 1973-1974
FF749	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #237 --“APCOL: A Programming System for Computer-Controlled Psychology Laboratories” -- Pinkus and Gregg-- N.D.
FF750	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #238 -- “A Course of Formal Instruction in On-Line Computer at Carnegie Mellon University”-- Gregg-- N.D.
FF751	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #239 -- “APCOL: An Example” -- Gregg-- 1973
FF752	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #240 -- “Producitn Systems: Models of Control Structures” -- Newell -- May 1973
FF753	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #241 -- “Effect of the Need for Stimulation on Performance and Awareness in Environments Differing in Complexity” -- Guydosh -- 1973
FF754	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #242 -- “How Big is a Chunk?” -- Simon -- 1970-1974
FF755	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #243 -- “Structure and Experience in the Matching and Reproduction of Chess Patterns” -- Ellis-- N.D.
FF756	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #244 -- “The Concept of ‘Losing Move’ in a Game of Perfect Information” -- Simon -- 1973-1974
FF757	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #245 -- “Children’s Seriation Behavior: A Produciton-System Analysis” -- Young -- 1973
FF758	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #246 -- “Sentence Comprehension: A Model of Psycholinguistic Processes in Short-Term Memory” --Carpenter and Just -- 1973
 
Box 11 - Continued
FF759	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #247 -- “Comprehending Quantified Sentences: The Relation Between Sentence-Picture and Semantic Memory Verification -- 1973
FF760	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #248 -- “Short Term Memory Functions in Young Readers” -- Farnham-Diggory and Gregg-- N.D.
FF761	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #249 -- “Retention of Visually Presented Information in Children’s Spelling” -- Farnham-Diggory and Simon-- N.D.
FF762	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #250 -- “The Growth of Dimensional Naming Abilities” -- Gregg and Farnham-Diggory --nd
FF763	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #252 -- “Switching Time in Random and Patterned Dichotic Lists” -- Chi-- N.D.
FF764	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #253 -- “Subsidizing Without Eye Movements” -- Chi-- N.D.
FF765	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #254 -- “On the Comprehension, Storage , and Retrieval of Comparative Sentences” -- Carpenter -- February 11, 1974
FF766	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #255 -- “Statistical Analysis on a Large, Timesharing System” -- Leaf -- October 1973
FF767	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #256 -- “Perceptual Structures and Semantic Relations” -- Gregg -- May 1974
FF768	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #259 -- “The Development of Symbol Processing Abilities” -- Farnham-Diggory -- 1973
FF769	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #260 -- “Comparative Studies of Comprehension: An Investigation of Chinese, Norwegian and English” -- Just and Carpenter -- February 1975
FF770	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #261 -- “Identifying Basic Abilities Underlying Intelligent Performance of Complex Tasks” -- Simon -- 1974-1977
FF771	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #262 -- “Memory for Chess Postions: The Effects of Interference and Input Modality” -- Charness -- February 27, 1974
FF772	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #263 -- “Linguistic Influences on Picture Scanning” -- Carpenter and Just -- 1975
FF773	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #264 -- “Understanding Complex Task Instructions” -- Simon and Hayes -- 1976

Box 11 - Continued
FF774	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #265 -- “The Information-Storage System Called Human Memory” -- Simon -- 1974-1976
FF775	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #266 -- “Chronometric Analysis of the Method of Loci” -- Lea -- 1975
FF776	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #267 -- “How Can Merlin Understand?” -- Moore and Newell -- November 15, 1973
FF777	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #268 -- “Knowledge and its Representation in a Speech Understanding System” -- Reddy and Newell -- 1974
FF778	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper # 269 -- “Stimulus Encoding as the Source of Stimulus Difficulty Effects in Monkey Delayed-Matching-From-Sample” -- Horst, June 1974
FF779	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #270 -- “Modelling Semantic Memory: Effects of Presenting Semantic Information in Different Modalities” -- Rosenberg and Simon -- 1974
FF780	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #272 -- “The Retrieval of Stored Linguistic Information: Temporal Considerations” -- Rosenberg and Singer -- August 28, 1974
FF781	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #273 -- “Identifying the Relevant Aspects of Problem Text” -- Hayes and Waterman -- September 1974
FF782	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #274 -- “A Process Tracing Study of Risky Decision Making” -- Payne-- N.D.

Box 12
Carnegie Mellon University

FF783	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #275 -- “Report on a Workshop in New Techniques in Cognitive Research” -- Newell, Simon, Hayes, and Gregg -- June 21-29, 1972
FF784	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #276 -- “Report on 1973 Workshop on Information Processing Psychology” -- Zenon and Newell -- December 1973
FF785	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #277 -- “the Separation and Integration of Related Semantic Information” -- Rosenberg -- May 9-12, 1974
FF786	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #278 -- “Discussion: Methods and Models for Task of Instructional Growth” -- Farnham-Diggory -- 1976
FF787	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #279 -- “Toward a Theory of Instructional Grwoth” --Farnham-Diggory -- 1976
 
Box 12 - Continued
FF788	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #280 -- “The Semantics of Locative Information in Pictures and Mental Images” -- Just and Carpenter -- February 1975
FF789	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #281 -- “Stages of Processing in Sentence Memory” -- Just and Carpenter -- October 1974
FF790	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #282 -- “Integrating a Sentence with Other Knowledge: The Role of Linguistic Information Structure” -- Carpenter and Just -- February, 1975
FF791	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #283 --“ The Functional Equivalence of Problem Solving Skills” -- Simon -- 1975
FF792	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #284 -- “In Search of the Whole Child: Information Processing Strategies” -- Farnham-Diggory -- 1974
FF793	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #285 -- “Adaptive Production Systems” -- Waterman -- December 1974
FF794	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #286 -- “Serial Pattern Acquisition: A Production System Approach” -- Waterman -- February 1975
FF795	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #287 -- “Task Complexity and Contingent Processing in Decision Making: An Information Search and Protocol Analysis” -- Payne -- June 1975
FF796	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #288 -- “The Understanding Process: Problem Isomorphs” -- Simon and Hayes -- April 1, 1975
FF797	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #289 -- “Optimal Problem-Solving Search: All-or-None Solutions” -- Simon and Kadane -- December 6, 1974
FF798	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #290 -- “Information Processing Analysis of Eye-Hand Coordinations of 5-yr-olds During Pattern Drawing” -- Farnham-Diggory-- N.D.
FF799	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #291 -- “Bradie on Polanyi on the Meno Paradox” -- Simon -- January 1975
FF800	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #292 -- “Task Structure and structure Strategies as Determinants of Latencies” -- Greeitsen, Gregg, and Simon -- March 4, 1975
FF801	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #293 -- “A Program Modeling Short-Term Memory Under Strategy Control” -- Gerritsen, Gregg, and Simon -- March 6, 1975
FF802	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #294 -- “Learning with Understanding” -- Simon -- June 11, 1975
 
Box 12 - Continued
FF803	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #295 -- “Content and Structure in Learning” -- Gregg and Farnham-Diggory -- June 1975
FF804	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #296 -- “Eye Fixations and Cognitive Processes” -- Just and Carpenter -- 1976
FF805	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #297 -- “Selective Adaptation of English Consonants Using Real Speech” -- Cole, Cooper, Singer, and Allard -- Article -- Perception and Psychophysics --1975
FF806	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #298 -- “Discussion: Cognition and Social Behavior” -- Simon -- 1975-1976
FF807	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #299 -- “Modaliy Differences in the Retention of Spelling Information” -- Christie -- May 1975
FF808	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #300 -- “The Design of Large Computing Systems as an Organizaitonal Problem” -- Article -- Organisatiewetenschap en Praktijk -1976
FF809	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #301 -- “Identifiablitiy and the Status of Theoretical Terms” -- Simon -- Article -- Basic Problems in Methodology and Linguistics -- 1977
FF810	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #302 -- “How to Study Reading: Some Information Processing Ways” -- Farnham-Diggory -- August 1975
FF811	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #303 -- “Psychological Differences among Problem Isomorphs” -- Hayes and Simon -- Article -- Cognitive Theory, Vol 2 
FF812	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #304 --“Acquisition of Formal Scientific Reasoning by 10 and 13 year Olds: Designing a Factorial Experiment” -- Siegler and Liebert -- 1975
FF813	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #305 -- “Utility of Interactional Strategies in the Study of Formal Operations Reasoning” -- Siegler -- April 1975
FF814	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #306 -- “Defining the Locus of Development” -- Siegler -- Article -- 1976
FF815	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #307 -- “Three Aspects of Cognitive Development” -- Siegler -- Article -- 1976
FF816	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #308 -- “Acquisition of Formal Scientific Reasoning by 10 and 13 Year Olds” -- Siegler and Atlas -- Article -- Journal of Educational Psychology -- 1976
 
Box 12 - Continued
FF817	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #310 -- “Modeling Strategy Shifts in a Problem Solving Task” -- Simon and Reed -- August 1975
FF818	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #311 -- “On the Nature of Understanding” -- Simon -- Article -- Perspectives on Computer Science -- 1977
FF819	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #312 -- “The Role of Eye-Fixation in Cognitive Psychology” -- Just and Carpenter -- Article -- Behavioral Research Methods
FF820	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #313 -- “Mental Rotation and Frame of Reference in Blind and Sighted Individuals” -- Carpenter and Eisenberg -- Article -- Perception and Psychophysics -- 1978
FF821	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #314 -- “Problem Solving in Semantically Rich Domains: An Example from Engineering Thermodynamics” -- Bhaskar and Simon -- December 1977
FF822	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #315 -- “Problem of Computational Complexity in Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon and Kadane -- May 7, 1976
FF823	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #316 -- “Three Aspects of Cognitive Development” -- Siegler -- April 1976
FF824	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #317 -- “The Effects of Simple Necessity and Sufficiency Relationships on Children’s Casual Inferences” -- Siegler -- 1976
FF825	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #318 -- “The Meaning of Causal Ordering” -- Simon -- 1975-1979
FF826	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #319 -- “Models of Sentence Verificaiton and Linguistic Comprehension” -- Carpenter and Just -- Article -- Psychological Review -- 1976
FF827	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #320 -- “Reading Comprehension as Eyes See It” -- Carpenter and Just -- Article -- Cognitive Processes in Comprehension -- 1977
FF828	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #321 -- “Comparison of Aphasic and Normal Adults in a Sentence-Verification Task” -- Just, Davis and Carpenter -- Article -- Cortex -- 1977
FF829	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #322 -- “Remembering the Location and Content of Sentences in a Prose Passage” -- Christie and Just -- 1976
FF830	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #324 -- “Information Processing Theroy of Human Problem Solving” -- Simon -- 1978
FF831	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #325 -- “Induction and Representation of Sequential Patterns” --Simon -- Article -- Formal Theories of Visual Perception -- 1978
 
Box 12 - Continued
FF832	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #326 -- Problems of Reference in Text Comprehension” -- Kieras -- 1977
FF833	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #327 -- “Effects of Paragraph Sentence Order on Apparent Theme” -- Kieras -- May 1978
FF834	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #328 -- “Beyond Pictures and Words: Alternative Information-Processing Models for Imagery Effects in Sentence Memory” -- Fall, 1976
FF835	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #329 -- “The Representation of Children’s Knowledge” -- Klahr and Siegler -- October 12, 1976
FF836	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #330 -- “Stereotypes of Males’ and Females’ Speech” -- Siegler and Siegler -- Article -- Psychological Reports -- 1976
FF837	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #331 -- “From Words to Equations: Meaning and Representation in Algebra Word Problems” -- Hinsley, Hayes and Simon -- October 12, 1976 -- Paper #332 -- “Turtle Jargon: A Manual For an Experimental Control Language”-- Hester and Faddis-- N.D.
FF838	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #333 -- “Normalization of Irrelevant Dimensions in Stimulus Comparisons” -- Dixon and Just -- Article -- Journal of Experimental Psychology -- 1978 
FF839	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #334 -- “Making Inferences about Relevance in Understanding Problems” -- Robinson and Hayes -- 1977
FF840	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #335 -- “Concept Learning and the Recognition and Classification of Exemplars” -- Hayes-Roth and Hayes-Roth -- July 1976
FF841	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #336 -- “What the Knower Knows: Alternative Strategies for Problem-Solving Tasks” -- Simon -- Article -- Human and Artifical Intelligence -- 1978
FF842	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #337 -- “The Structure of Complex Systems” -- Simon -- July 15, 1976
FF843	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #338 -- “The Twenty Questions Game as a Form of Problem Solving’ -- Siegler -- Article -- Child Development -- 1977
FF844	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #339 -- “Artificial Intelligence Systems that Understand” -- Simon -- May 1977
FF845	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #340 -- “Optimal Strategies for a Class of Constrained Sequential Problems” -- Kadane and Simon -- 1976-1980
 
Box 12 - Continued
FF846	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #341 -- “The Misunderstanding of Instructions Explanaation in Developmental Psychology” -- Vago and Siegler -- March 1977
FF847	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #342 -- “Individual Differences in Solving Physics Problems” -- Simon and Simon -- 1977
FF848	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #343 -- “Progress Towards a Taxonomy of Strategy Transformations” -- Neches and Hayes -- Article -- Cognitive Psychology and Instruction -- 1978
FF849	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #344 -- “On the Forms of Mental Representation” -- Simon -- April 25, 1977
FF850	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #345 -- “The Uses of Mathematics in the Social Sciences” -- Simon -- Article -- Mathematics and Computers in Simulation -- 1978
FF851	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #346 -- “Eye Fixations During Mental Rotation” -- Carpenter and Just -- 1978
FF852	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #347 -- “Inference Processes during Reading: Reflections from Eye Fixations” -- Just and Carpenter -- 1978
FF853	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #348 -- “A Model of Sentence Comprehension I” -- Just -- Psychology of Human Learning and Problem Solving -- 1973
FF854	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #349 -- “A Model of Sentence Comprehension II” -- Just -- Article -- Psychology of Human Learning and Problem Solving -- 1973
FF855	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #350 -- “Maximizing the Mini-Uses of On-Line Computers” -- Gregg -- Article -- Behavior Research Methods and Instrumentation -- 1977
FF856	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #351 -- “Spatial Concepts, Spatial Names, and the Development of Exocentric Representations” -- Gregg -- Article -- Children’s Thinking: What Develops? -- 1978
FF857	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #353 -- :The Origins of Scientific Reasoning” -- Siegler -- Article -- Children’s Thinking:What Develops? -- 1973
FF858	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #354 -- “Cognition, Instruction, Development, and Individual Differences” -- Siegler -- June 1977
FF859	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #355 -- “Strategies for the Use of Base-Rate Informaiton” -- Carroll and Siegler -- Organizational Behavior and Human Performance -- 1977
 
Box 12 - Continued
FF860	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #356 -- “It’s the Thought That Counts: New Approaches to Educational Theory” -- Hayes -- Cognition and Instruction -- 1976
FF861	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #357 -- “Problem-Solving Strategies and the Writing Process” -- Flower and Hayes -- College-English, Vol 39:4 -- December -- 1977
FF862	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #358 --“The Role of Episodic Structure and of Story Length on Childrens Recall of Simple Stories” -- Glenn-- N.D.

Box 13
Carnegie Mellon University

FF863	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #359 -- “A Production System Model for the Induciton of Mathematical Functions” -- Langley -- January 8, 1978
FF864	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #360 -- “BACON: A Production System that Discovers Empirical Laws” --Langely -- 1977
FF865	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #361 -- “Towards a Taxonomy of Rule Induction Tasks” -- Langley -- January 11, 1978
FF866	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #362 -- “An Experimental Analysis of Strategies of the Tower of Hanoi Game” -- Neves -- September 15, 1977
FF867	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #363 -- “A Computer Program that Learns Algebraic Procedures by Examining Examples and by Working Test Problems in A Textbook -- Neves -- 1978
FF868	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #364 -- “Changes in Problem-Solution Methods Due to Experience: Case Studies of Strategy Transformations” -- Neches -- May 1, 1977
FF869	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #365 -- Richard T Ely Lecture: “Rationality as Process and as Product of Thought” -- Simon -- 1977-1982
FF870	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #368 -- “An Information-Processing Analysis of the Cost Accounting Domain” -- Bhaskar -- February 1978
FF871	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #370 -- “Children’s Thinking: The Search for Limits” -- Siegler -- 1979
FF872	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #373 -- “Process and Representation in Modifying Strategies” -- Neches -- November 10, 1977
FF873	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #374 -- “On How to Decide What to Do” -- Simon -- 1978

 
Box 13 - Continued
FF874	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #375 -- “Goal Formation, Planning, and Learning by Pre-School Problem Solvers or My Socks are in the Dryer” -- Klaahr -- September 7, 1977
FF875	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #376 -- “Ask Versus Tell: A Pragmatic Aspect of Early Meaning” -- Makoid -- October 1977
FF876	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #377 -- “Information Processing Models of Intellectual Development” -- Klahr -- January 25, 1978
FF877	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #378 -- “Syntactic Structures and Real-World Themes in Stories Generated by Children” -- Glenn and Stein-- N.D.
FF878	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #379 -- “What is Remembered ?After a Purchase Decision?” -- Johnson and Russo -- December 20, 1978
FF879	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #380 -- “Protocol Analysis of Writing Processes” -- Hayes and Flower -- March 24, 1978
FF880	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #381 -- “A Tale of Two Protocols” -- Simon -- 1979
FF881	Simon, Herbert A. -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #382 -- “Discussion: Fit, Finite, and Universal Axiomatization of Theories” -- Simon -- 1977-1979
FF882	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #383 -- “BACON !: A General Discovery System” -- Langley -- 1978
FF883	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #384 -- “How One Learns Strategies: Processes and Representation of Strategy Acquisition” -- Anzai -- June 15, 1978
FF884	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #385 -- “How to Win at Twenty Questions with Nature” -- Simon -- June 28, 1978
FF885	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Papre #386 -- “The Theory of Learning by Doing” -- Anzai and Simon -- 1978-1979
FF886	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) --Paper #387 -- “Learning Strategies by Computer” -- Anzai -- 1978
FF887	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #388 -- “Retrospective Verbal Reports as Data” -- Ericsson and Simon -- August 4, 1978
FF888	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #389 -- “Developmental Sequences Within and Between Concepts” -- Siegler-- N.D.
FF889	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #390 -- Information Processing Models of Cognition” -- Simon -- 1975-September 8, 1978
 
Box 13 - Continued
FF890	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #391 -- “Problem Solving and Education” -- Simon -- 1978-1980
FF891	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #392 -- “Artifical Intelligence Approaches to Problem Solving and Clinical Diagnosis” -- Simon -- September 8, 1978
FF892	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #393 -- “Harpy, Production Systems and Human Cognition” -- Newell -- September 1978
FF893	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #394 -- “Information Explanations of Understanding” -- Simon -- 1978-1980
FF894	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #395 -- “Technology: source of Opportunity and Constraint in Design” -- Simon -- 1979-1980
FF895	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #396 -- “What is Industrial Democracy?” -- Simon -- 1979
FF896	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #397 -- “Thinking-Aloud Protocols as Data: Effects of Verbalization” -- Ericsson and Simon -- March 25, 1979
FF897	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #398 -- “Promoting Self-Discovery of Improved Strategies” -- Neches -- March 24, 1979
FF898	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper # 399 -- “Rediscovering Physics with BACON 3” -- Langley --1979
FF899	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #400 -- “A Computer Model of Learning from Examples” -- Langley -- April 4, 1979 
FF900	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #401 -- “What Kind of Microeconomics Do We Need?” -- Langley -- June 19, 1979
FF901	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #402 -- “Verbal Reports as Data” -- Ericsson and Simon -- December 20, 1979
FF902	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #403 -- “Cognitive Science: The Newest Science of the Artificial” -- Simon -- 1979-1980
FF903	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #404 -- “Automatic Generation of Classroom Problems” -- Bhaskar and Simon -- 1979-1980
FF904	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #405 -- “Developmental Sequences Within and Between Concepts” -- Siegler -- c.1981
FF905	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #406 -- “Sources o Evidence on Cognition: A Historical Overview” -- Ericsson and Simon -- 1981
 
Box 13 - Continued
FF906	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #407 -- “Behavior Research: Theory and Public Policy” -- Simon -- 1979-1980
FF907	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #408 -- “Models of Competence in Solving Physics Problems” -- Larkin, McDermott, Simon, and Simon -- June 25, 1980
FF908	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #409 -- “Enriching Formal Knowledge: A Model for Learning to Solve Textbook Physics Problems” -- Larkin -- July 21, 1980
FF909	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #410 -- “Expert and Novice Performance in Solving Physics Problems” -- Larkin, McDermott, Simon and Simon -- 1979-1980
FF910	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #411 -- “Are Social Problems Problems that Social Science Can Solve?” -- Simon -- 1979-1982
FF911	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #412 -- “Internal Representations and Seriation Procedures” -- Retschitzki -- December 1979
FF912	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #413 -- “A Domain-Independent Framework for Procedure Learning” -- Langley, Neches, and Anzai -- December 31, 1979
FF913	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #414 -- “Economic Rationality: Adaptive Artifice” -- Simon -- June 12, 1980
FF914	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #415 -- “A Review of Research on Learning and Discovery” -- Langley -- January 7, 1980
FF915	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #416 -- “Social Planning” Design the Evolving Artifact” -- Simon -- June 12, 1980
FF916	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #418 -- “The Behavioral and Social Sciences” -- Simon -- 1979-1980
FF917	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #419 -- “Finding Common Paths as a LearningMethod” -- Langley -- March 17, 1980
FF918	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #420 -- “BACON 4: The Discovery of Intrinsic Properties” -- Bradshaw, Langley, and Simon -- March 19, 1980
FF919	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #421 -- “Otto Selz and Information Processing Psychology” -- Simon -- 1979-1982
FF920	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #422 -- “The Central Role of Learning in Cognition” -- Langley and Simon -- 1981
 
Box 13 - Continued
FF921	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #423 -- “Rediscovering Chemistry with BACON 4” -- Langley, Bradshaw, and Simon -- November 25, 1980
FF922	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #424 -- “Scientific Discovery as Problem Solving” -- Simon, Langley, and Bradshaw -- 1980-1981
FF923	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #425 -- “Why Should Machines Learn?” -- Simon -- August 19, 1980
FF924	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #426 -- “Lessons for AI From Human Problem Solving” -- Simon -- September 1980
FF925	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #427 -- “A Production System Model of First Language Acquistion” -- Langley -- October 20, 1980
FF926	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #428 -- “Fitness Requirements for Scientific Theories” -- Simon -- 1981-1982
FF927	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #429 -- “The Role of Problem Representation in Physics” -- Larkin -- January 30, 1981
FF928	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #430 -- “BACON.5: The Discovery of Conservation Law” -- Langley, Bradshaw, and Simon -- June 18, 1981

Box 14
Carnegie Mellon University

FF929	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #431 -- “Strategy Acquisition Governed by Experimentation” -- Langley -- March 23, 1982
FF930	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #432 -- “Language Acquisition through Error Recovery” -- Langley -- june 19, 1981
FF931	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #433 -- “Data-Driven and Expectation-Driven Discovery of Empirical Laws” -- Langley, Bradshaw, and Simon --March 23, 1982
FF932	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #434 -- “Spatial Reasoning in Solving Physics Problems” -- “Mechanisms of Effective Problem Representation in Physics” -- Larkin -- 1983
FF933	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #435 -- “A General Knowledge Structure for Learning of Teaching Science” -- Larkin -- March 13, 1982
FF934	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #436 --“Cognition and Emotion: An Information Processing Approach” -- Pfeifer -- May 31, 1982
 
Box 14 - Continued
FF935	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #437 -- “The Role of Attention in Cognition” -- Simon -- August 26, 1982
FF936	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #438 -- “Tower of Hanoi Problem Isomorphs and Solution -- Simon -- 1981
FF937	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #439 -- “Is Recursive Computation Difficult to Learn” -- Anzai and Uesato -- August 1982
FF938	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #440 -- “Role of Problem-Solving Knowledge in Understanding Problems” -- Anzai -- 1982
FF939	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #441 -- “Internal Models in Physics Problem Solving” -- Anzai and Yokoyama -- 1982
FF940	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #442 -- “Manual Control of Dynamic Systems: A cognitive Point of View” -- Anzai -- 1982
FF941	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #443 -- “Learning from Solution Paths: An Approach to the Credit Assignment Problem” -- Sleeman, Langley and Mitchell -- April, 1982
FF942	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #444 -- “Studying Scientific Discovery by Computer Simulation” -- Bradshaw, Langley, and Simon -- 1983
FF943	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #445 -- “Towards a General Scientific Reasoning Engine” -- Carbonelli, Larkin, and Reif -- 1983
FF944	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #446 -- “A Developmental Model of Search” Stochastic Estimation of Children’s Rule Use” -- Sophian, Larkin, and Kadane -- September 10, 1983
FF945	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #447 -- “A Global Maximization Method for Likelihood Functions” -- Larkin and Kadane -- November 16, 1983
FF946	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #448 -- “FERMI: A Flexible Expert Reasoner with Multi-Domain Inferencing” -- Larkin, Reif, Carbonell and Gugliotta -- 1985
FF947	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #449 -- “EPAM-Like Models of Recognition and Learning” -- Feigenbaum and Simon -- August 30, 1984
FF948	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #450 -- “STM Capacity for Chinese and English Language Materials” -- Yu, Zhang, Jing, Peng, Zhang, and Simon -- c. 1985
FF949	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #451 -- “STM Capacity for Chinese Words and Idioms” -- Zhang and Simon -- 1985
 
Box 14 - Continued
FF950	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #452 -- “Human Nature in Politics: The Dialogue of Psychology with Political Science” -- Simon -- February 14, 1985
FF951	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #453 -- “Causality in Device Behavior” -- Iwasaki and Simon -- October 18, 1985
FF952	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #454 -- “Theories of Causal Ordering” Reply to de Kleer and Brown” -- Iwasaki and Simon -- January 12, 1986
FF953	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #455 -- “Why a Diagram is (Sometimes) Worth a Thousand Words” -- Larkin and Simon -- July 18, 1986
FF954	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #456 -- “Is Scientific Discovery a Topic in the Philosophy of Science’ -- Simon -- January 1, 1986
FF955	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #457 -- “Learning Mathematics from Examples and by Doing” -- Zhu and Simon -- July 16, 1987
FF956	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #458 -- “The Processes of Scientic Discovery: The Strategy of Experimentation” -- Kulkarni and Simon -- 1986
FF957	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #459 -- “Some Trivial but Useful Mathematics” -- Simon -- October 23, 1988
FF958	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #460 -- “The Scientist as Problem Solver” -- Simon -- July 1, 1987
FF959	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Assisted Test Instruction Project -- “Mechanics of Solids Problem Generator” -- Perdue -- 1974-1975
FF960	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Assisted Test Instruction Project -- “Knowledge Domain Research” -- Simon and Bhaskar -- 1973
FF961	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Assisted Test Instruction Project -- “Using Computers to Generate Problems: Some Anecdotes” -- Simon and Bhaskar -- February 8, 1976
FF962	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Assisted Test Instruciton Project -- Reference Material -- 1973
FF963	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Printout -- Beethoven Piano Pieces-- N.D.
FF964	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Printout -- Copy of YNGVES Sentence Generator -- 1962
FF965	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Printout -- Heuristic Coder -- 1961
FF966	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Printout -- Program Plato -- 1962
FF967	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Printout -- Simulation of Columbian Behavior Simulation -- 1981
Box 14 - Continued
FF968	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Printout -- TTY Post Mortem-- N.D.
FF969	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Printout -- Various Topics -- 1975-1977
FF970	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Printout -- Yule Process-- N.D.
FF971	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Contracts -- Salary -- 1949, 1962, 1965
FF972	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Copy of Letter from Andrew Carnegie Pertaining to Establishing and Maintaining Carnegie Institute of Technology -- November 15, 1900
FF973	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Condolences on the Death of Allen Newell -- 1992
FF974	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- General -- 1976-1982
FF975	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Takayanagio-- N.D.
FF976	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 66-581: Advanced Seminar in Cognitive Processes -- “Process Model for Simple Concept Formation” -- Handouts -- 1966
FF977	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-512: Advanced Seminar in Cognitive Processes -- Class List -- Student Assignments -- **Restricted Files** -- 1972
FF978	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-781: Advanced Seminar in Cagnitive Processes -- Handouts -- Notes -- 1972
FF979	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-781: Advanced Seminar in Cognitive Processes -- Grade Sheets -- **Restricted Files** -- 1974
FF980	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-781: Advanced Seminar in Cognitive Processes -- Grade Sheets -- **Restricted Files** -- 1977
FF981	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 15-780, 15-781: Artificial Intelligence (AI Core) -- 15-755: Logic and Reasoning about Porgrams ---  Syllabus -- 1979-1980, 1983-1984, 1995
FF982	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Cognitive Processes -- Class Lists -- Grade Sheets -- Faculty Course Evaluations -- **Restricted Files** -- 1966-1972
FF983	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- C-531: Cognitive Processes -- Syllabus -- Handout -- 1964-1965
FF984	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials  -- GC-568: Cognitive Processes -- Bibliography -- Handouts -- Reference Material -- 1966, 1968-1969
FF985	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- GC-568:  Cognitive Processes -- Class Evaluation -- **Restricted Files**-- N.D.
 
Box 14 - Continued
FF986	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- GC-568: Cognitive Processes -- Class List -- **Restricted Files** -- 1969
FF987	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-768 Cognitive Processes -- Syllabus -- Notes -- Bibliography -- 1970
FF988	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-768 Cognitice Processes -- Class Lists -- Student Assignments -- **Restricted Files ** -- 1970-1971 
FF989	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-768: Cognitive Processes -- Syllabus -- Course Outline -- 1971
FF990	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-768: Cognitive Processes -- Class Lists -- Grade Sheets -- ** Restricted Files** -- 1972
FF991	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-768: Cognitive Processes -- Syllabus -- Course Outline -- 1972
FF992	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-768: Cognitive Processes in Education -- Course Outline -- 1976
FF993	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-711, 85-311, 15-711: Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving -- Class Lists --Student Evaluations -- **Restricted Files** -- 1973
FF994	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-711, 85-311, 15-711: Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving -- Syllabus -- Outline -- 1973
FF995	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-711, 85-311, 15-711: Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving -- Class Lists -- Student Assignments --**Restricted Files** -- 1974-1975
FF996	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-711, 85-311, 15-711: Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving -- Syllabus -- Outline -- Handouts -- 1974-1975
FF997	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-711, 85-311, 15-711: Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving -- Class Lists -- **Restricted Files** -- 1978
FF998	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-711, 85-311, 15-711: Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving -- Schedule -- Notes -- 1978-1979
FF999	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411: Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving -- Class Lists -- **Restricted Files** -- 1980

FF1000	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving -- Syllabus -- Notes -- Reference Material -- 1980
FF1001	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials --85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving -- Protocol Study -- Thesis Proposal -- 1982
FF1002	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- BH-331-H: Cognitive Processes Seminar -- Class Lists -- Student Assignments -- ** Restricted Files** -- 1965
 
Box 14 - Continued
FF1003	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- BH-331-H : Cognitive Processes Seminar -- Notes -- Graphs -- 1965
FF1004	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Cognitive Psychology Problem -- Protocol Study -- 1973
FF1005	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- GI-506: Complex Information Processing -- Bibliography -- Schedule -- 1960, 1964
FF1006	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- GI-506: Complex Information Processing -- **Restricted Files** -- 1966
FF1007	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- GS-654: Complex Information Processing -- Outline -- “CIP Representative Bibiliography” -- Newell -- 1967
FF1008	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- GS-654: Complex Information Processing -- Syllabus -- Handouts -- 1968
FF1009	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- GS-654: Complex Information Processing -- Student Assignments -- **Restricted Files** -- 1968
FF1010	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Correspondence Requesting Course Materials -- 1964-1965
FF1011	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- E-421: Electrical Engineering -- Quiz -- 1959
FF1012	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- I-302: Experiment -- Handout -- 1968
FF1013	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Independent Study Students --**Restricted Files** -- 1972
FF1014	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Independent Study Students --**Restricted Files** -- 1973
FF1015	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Independent Study Students --**Restricted Files** -- 1974
FF1016	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Independent Study Students --**Restricted Files** -- 1975
FF1017	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Independent Study Students --**Restricted Files** -- 1976
FF1018	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-213: Information Processing Psychology and Artificial Intelligence -- Assignments -- 1976
FF1019	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-213: Information Processing Psychology and Artificial Intelligence -- Class Lists -- Student Assignments --**Restricted Files** -- 1976
 
Box 15
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1020	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials --85-213: Information Processing Psychology and Artificial Intelligence -- Syllabus -- Notes -- 1976
FF1021	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- GC-585: Learning -- 1962
FF1022	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 79-110: Origins of the Modern World -- 1977-1978
FF1023	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 79-110: Origins of the Modern World --**Restricted Files** -- 1978
FF1024	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials  79-110: Origins of the Modern World -- Syllabus-- N.D.
FF1025	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials  79-110: Origins of the Modern World -- Syllabus -- 1977-1978 
FF1026	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- C-533: Perceptual Processes in Education-- N.D.
FF1027	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- C-533: Perceptual Processes in Education -- Exam-- N.D.
FF1028	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-512 E: Seminar in Special Topics - Cognition and Problem Solving -- 1970-1971
FF1029	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- SRL 28 Seminar -- Notes -- “Programs Discovered on Monitory Lines, Problem #240” -- August 1953
FF1030	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Systems and Communication Sciences -- 1960-1974
FF1031	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Systems and Communication Sciences Programs -- 1961-1966
FF1032	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- GE-446: Systems and Communications Sciences Seminar -- 1963
FF1033	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- GI-574: Systems and Communications Sciences Seminar -- **Restricted Files** -- Fall 1963
FF1034	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Unknown Course-- N.D.
FF1035	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Unknown Course -- Lecture Notes on Language-- N.D.
FF1036	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Unknown Course -- Problem Solving Experiments -- 1964-1979
FF1037	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Unknown Course -- Lecture: “Syntax and Semantics” -- 1964
FF1038	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Unknown Course -- Planning Notes -- 1968
FF1039	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Creation of Allen Newell Chair -- 1992-1995
 
Box 15 - Continued
FF1040	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Dedication of the Graduate School of Industrial Administration -- 1952
FF1041	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Industrial Management -- 1949-1963 
FF1042	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Industrial Management -- Manuals of Policies and Procedures -- 1947-1961
FF1043	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Behavioral Sciences Committee -- 1973-1974
FF1044	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology --Department Head Search Committee -- 1972-1973
FF1045	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Departmental Plans -- 1972  
FF1046	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Directory -- 1971-1972
FF1047	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Graduate Colloquium -- 1971
FF1048	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- List of Department Heads-- N.D. 
FF1049	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Steering Committee -- 1975
FF1050	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Digital Equipment Corporation Proposal -- 1976
FF1051	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Draft -- Appendix 1: Chapter 14 -- Everyday Problem Solving-- N.D.	 
FF1052	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Draft -- Appendix 5: Chapter 14 -- Static and Dynamic Evaluation-- N.D.
FF1053	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Draft of First Version of GPS -- GPS-2 Programming Instructions -- 1957, 1960
FF1054	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Economics -- Newspaper Articles -- 1992-1993
FF1055	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Engineering and Public Affairs -- 1971
FF1056	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- 1962-1963
FF1057	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM(Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “The Theory of Human Verbal Learning” -- Simon and Feigenbaum -- Progamming Instructions -- 1963
FF1058	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Simulation -- 1966
FF1059	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Eulogy -- Lee W. Gregg -- September 16, 1980
FF1060	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Eulogy -- Allen Newell -- 1992
FF1061	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Faculty Appointment of Herbert A Simon -- April 16, 1962
 
Box 15 - Continued
FF1062	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Faculty Evaluation -- Taafe -- **Restricted Files** -- 1954
FF1063	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Forms -- Hunt Library Book Orders -- 1967
FF1064	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Fulbright Award Evaluation -- Tydall -- **Restricted Files**-- N.D.
FF1065	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Geometry Theorems -- Notes-- N.D.
FF1066	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate Evaluation Meeting -- 1978
FF1067	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate Program in Systems Science -- 1973 
FF1068	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Air Force Research Project #6 -- 1951-1952
FF1069	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Annual Reports -- 1957-1959
FF1070	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Annual Reports -- 1960-1970
FF1071	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- 
FF1072	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Army Air Force Research Program -- Project for the Study of Intra-Firm Behavior -- 1950-1953
FF1073	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- 40th Anniversary Celebration -- April 19-21, 1990
FF1074	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- 35th Anniversary Symposium -- “Information and Decision-Making in the Year 2000” -- April 26-27, 1985
FF1075	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Article -- “George Leland Bach and the Rebirth of Graduate Management Education in the United States, 1974-1975” -- Selections -- Spring 1995
FF1076	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Behavioral Science Staff Search -- 1953-1956
FF1077	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Behavioral Science Staff Search -- 1957 
FF1078	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Budget -- Policies -- 1948-1950
FF1079	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Budget -- Staffing Requirements -- 1949-1951
FF1080	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Carnegie Symposium on Cognition Brochures -- 1968-1971
 
Box 16
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1081	 Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Centralization vs. Decentralization Study -- Analysis -- 1950-1953
FF1082	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Centralization vs. Decentralization Study -- Correspondence -- 1948-1954
FF1083	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Centralization vs. Decentralization Study -- Memorandum -- Minutes -- 1950-1952
FF1084	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Centralization vs. Decentralization Study -- Report -- 1950-1951
FF1085	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Centralization vs. Decentralization Study -- Research Proposal -- 1951-1951
FF1086	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- 1924, 1949-1950
FF1087	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-501: Administration and Business Policy -- 1948-1956
FF1088	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-501: Organization and Administration -- 1956-1961
FF1089	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-501: Organization and Administration --1959
FF1090	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-501: Organization and Administration -- 1961
FF1091	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-562: History of Ideas II -- 1956
FF1092	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- E-350: Management of Men -- 1947-1950
FF1093	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-400, GI-401: Managerial Problem Solving -- **Restricted Files** -- Fall 1968-Spring 1969
FF1094	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-400, GI-401: Managerial Problem Solving -- 1968-1969
 
Box 16 - Continued
FF1095	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-400, GI-401: Managerial Problem Solving -- Memoranda -- “On Writing Reports for Decision Making and Action -- 1969
FF1096	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-400: Managerial Problem Solving -- 45-702: Managerial Decision Making -- 1969-1970
FF1097	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- 45-702: Managerial Decision Making -- **Restricted Files** -- Spring 1970
FF1098	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-504: Mathematical Social Science -- Class Notes -- September 8, 1953
FF1099	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-504: Mathematical Social Science -- Class Notes -- 1955-1956, 1962, 1966
FF1100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-504: Mathematical Social Science -- Notes -- 1955-1956
FF1101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-504 : Mathematical Social Science -- Reference Material -- “Amount of Fixation and Discovery in Image Learning Behavior” -- 1952, 1961
FF1102	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-504: Mathematical Social Science -- Reading List -- Syllabus -- 1959-1962
FF1103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-504 -- Mathematical Social Science -- Reading List -- Syllabus -- 1965-1967
FF1104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- 45-845: Mathematical Social Science -- Syllabus -- Class Notes -- Spring 1970
FF1105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- 45-845: Mathematical Social Science -- Student List --**Restricted Files** -- Spring 1970
FF1106	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Course Materials -- GI-511: Organization and Administration and GI-511: Organization and Administration and GI-512: Governmental Processes -- 1949-1960
FF1107	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Department of Psychology and Education -- Annual Report -- 1965-1966
FF1108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Department of Psychology and Education -- Graduate Committee Member Handbook -- September 1961
 
Box 16 - Continued
FF1109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Department of Psychology and Education -- Memorandum -- 1962-1964
FF1110	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Doctoral Program -- 1953-1954, 1958
FF1111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Doctoral Program in Systems and Communication Sciences -- 1960-1964
FF1112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Doctoral Program in Systems and Communication Sciences -- 1961 -- 1963
FF1113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Doctoral Program in the Systems and Communication Sciences -- Program Description -- September 1965
FF1114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Economics Committee -- 1976-1977
FF1115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Exam -- Mathematics Reading Examination for P.H.D. Candidates -- 1956
FF1116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- French Study Group -- 1954-1955
FF1117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Graduate Degree Program in Computer Science -- 1965
FF1118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- The Institute for Management Science (TIMS) -- 1953-1957
FF1119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- The Management Game Seminar -- Fall 1963
FF1120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- The Master’s Program -- Booklet -- 1988-1989
FF1121	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Paper -- “Industrial Management as a Profession” -- Simon -- April 22, 1952
FF1122	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Paper -- “Some Applications of Matrices and Graphs to the Study of Functional Relationships” -- Simon -- May 12, 1953
FF1123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Plans for School of Industial Administration -- 1948-1949
FF1124	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Program -- Dedication of the New Building at GSIA -- April 16-18, 1993
FF1125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Program for Executives -- 1956 -- 1960
FF1126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Program for Executives -- Business and Society -- Syllabus -- List of Participants -- 1974
 
Box 16 - Continued
FF1127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of IndustrialAdministration (GSIA) -- Proposal -- “Information Theories of Human Verbal Learning” -- Feigenbaum -- Dissertation Project -- 1958
FF1128	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Proposal -- “Information Retrieval” -- Hensley -- Dissertation Project -- January 1958
FF1129	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Proposal -- Tonge -- Dissertation Project -- February 20, 1958 
FF1130	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Proposal -- “Toward a General Theory of the Evolution of Human Population Systems” -- Vining -- Dissertation Project-- N.D.
FF1131	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Publications -- The Alumni Bulletin 1:1 -- October 1952
FF1132	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Publications -- GSIA Magazine 1:3 -- 1982
FF1133	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Publications -- GSIA Magazine 4:1 -- 1985
FF1134	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Publications -- GSIA Magazine 4:2 -- 1985
FF1135	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Publications -- GSIA Magazine 8:1 -- Summer 1990
FF1136	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Publications -- GSIA Magazine 8:3 -- 
FF1137	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Publications -- Novus -- December, 1971
FF1138	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Research Curriculum Determination -- 1950, 1952, 1959

Box 17
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1139	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Grant -- Carnegie Corporation Grant for Eductational Innovation -- Accounting Info and Press Release -- 1975-1976
FF1140	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Grants and Gifts Received -- Reports -- 1972-1973
FF1141	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Heuristic Codes Logs -- 1959-1961
FF1142	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Heuristic Codes Logs -- 1961
FF1143	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Hiring University President -- 1972
FF1144	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Honorary Degree Citation of Vincent MacDowell Barnett. Jr -- Presented by Simon -- 1965
FF1145	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- IBM Fellowship Award -- Accounting Reports and Memoranda -- 1968-1971
 
Box 17 - Continued
FF1146	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Interview with Oliver Williamson -- Swedberg -- 1988
FF1147	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Invitation -- Dedication of Warner Hall -- 1966
FF1148	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Invitation -- Inauguration of Horton Guyford Stever -- 1965
FF1149	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Lecture Announcement -- “The Computer as a Design Medium” -- Eastman -- “Computer Graphics and its Role in Animation” -- Palyka -- 1979
FF1150	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Library Budget -- 1955-1959 
FF1151	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- List -- “Psychological Constants” -- Rosenberg-- N.D.
FF1152	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memoranda -- Faculty Candidacy of Tim McGuire --**Restricted File** -- 1980
FF1153	Simon, Herbert A. -- Falk Professorship -- 1965
FF1154	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorandum -- Early Evidence of Interest in Problem Solving at GSIA -- 1974
FF1155	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorandum -- Simon’s Consulting and Lecturing Activity, Academic Year 1958-1959 -- 1959
FF1156	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorial Writings on Allen Newell -- 1992
FF1157	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Monsanto Chemical Company -- 1957
FF1158	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Correspondence -- 1966-1990
FF1159	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health Correspondence -- Grant -- Proposal for Support of Research on Information Processing Psychology -- October 1962
FF1160	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- MH#07722-01 -- Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1962-1965
FF1161	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- MH#07722-02 -- Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1965
FF1162	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- MH#07722-03 --Research on Information Processign Psychology -- 1965-1966
FF1163	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- MH#07722-04 -- Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1965-1968
FF1164	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- MH#07722-05 -- Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1967-1968
FF1165	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- MH#07722-06 -- Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1969-1970
 
Box 17 - Continued
FF1166	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- MH#07722-07 -- Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1969-1970
FF1167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- MH#07722-08 -- Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1971-1972
FF1168	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- MH#07722-09 -- Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1971-1974
FF1169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- MH#07722-10 -- Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1972-1973
FF1170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- MH#07722-11 -- Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1974
FF1171	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- MH#07722 -- Proposal #05122 -- “Research in Information Processing Psychology” / NIMH Renewal Draft -- 1974-1975
FF1172	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- #MH07722-12 - Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1974-1976
FF1173	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- #MH07722-13 - Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1976-1977
FF1174	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- #MH07722-14 - Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1977
FF1175	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- #MH07722-15- Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1978
FF1176	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- #MH07722-16 - Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1979
FF1177	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- #MH07722-17 - Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1980
FF1178	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- #MH07722-19 - Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1982
FF1179	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- #MH07722-20 - Research on Information Processing Psychology -- 1984
FF1180	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- National Institutes of General Medical Sciences -- Conference on the Behavioral Sciences -- 1966
FF1181	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- National Institute of Mental Health -- Site Visits -- 1966-1970
FF1182	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Health -- Grant -- Computer Controlled Research -- Application for Grant -- 1968
FF1183	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Institutes of Mental Health -- 1988-1989
 
Box 17 - Continued
FF1184	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Science Foundation -- Grant #53 -- Translation of De Groot’s Book, Het Denken Can Schaker (Thought and Choice in Chess) -- 1960-1972
FF1185	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Science Foundation -- Grant -- Institutional for Travel Expenditures, Amsterdam Trip {Acct# 11-55248} -- 1967
FF1186	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Science Foundation -- Grant -- Propossal Evaluation Forms -- 1962-1990
FF1187	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Science Foundation -- Grant -- Computer Science Research -- Simon -- 1968
FF1188	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Science Foundation -- Grant -- Division of Social Sciences -- Grant List -- 1972-1973
FF1189	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Science Foundation -- Grant -- The Process of Constructing the Problem Space -- Hayes and Simon -- 1973-1979
FF1190	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University  National Science Foundation -- Grant -- The Process of Construction the Problem Space -- Hayes and Simon -- Proposal -- 1977
FF1191	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Science Foundation -- Grant -- Firm Size Distributions and Industrial Concentration -- Kjiri, Jufi and Simon -- 1977
Box 18
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1192	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Science Foundation -- Grant -- Cognitive Processes and the Structure of Knowledge in Physics and Algebra -- Simon -- 1978-1983
FF1193	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Science Foundation -- Grant -- Representation and Transfer in Problem Solving -- Hayes and Simon -- 1978-1983
FF1194	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Science Foundation -- Grant -- Mathematical Representations of Real World Knowledge: Physics and Word Problems -- Larkin and Simon -- 1980
FF1195	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Science Foundation -- Grant -- Kivision of Information Science and Technology -- “Information Processing Analysis of Human Understanding of Action Sequences and Computational Traces -- 1981
FF1196	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Science Foundation -- Grant -- Skilled Memory and Skilled Movement -- Simon and Staszwski -- 1983-1984
FF1197	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Newsletter -- “The Backstreet Yurinal”-- N.D.
FF1198	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Nominations of Allen Newell for American Psychological Association Distinguished Scientific Contributions Award -- 1978-1986
 
Box 18 - Continued
FF1199	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Nomination of Allen Newell for National Medal of Science -- 1991
FF1200	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- “Algebra Word Problems” -- Protocol Studies -- 1964
FF1201	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Binary Recursion and Doubling Algorithms-- N.D.
FF1202	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Economics-- N.D.
FF1203	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Game Theory-- N.D.
FF1204	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Imaging in Learning-- N.D.
FF1205	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- “Innovation in Educational Technology”-- N.D.
FF1206	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Linear Programming-- N.D.
FF1207	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Management Information Systems --nd
FF1208	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Natural Sciences-- N.D.
FF1209	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- “Perception of Two-Kimensional Arrays: A SNOBOL Program”-- N.D. 
FF1210	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Problem Solving --nd
FF1211	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Problem Solving -- 1972
FF1212	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Problem Solving -- 1974
FF1213	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- On Rationality -- 1957-1965
FF1214	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Resesarch Budget -- 1950-1952 -- 1952
FF1215	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Semiconductors-- N.D.
FF1216	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Some Ideas on Introspection-- N.D.
FF1217	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Thoughts on the New Version of BACON -- 1981
FF1218	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Index of Papers -- 1953-1957
FF1219	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #1 -- “Suggestions for Attacking some Production and Inventory Problems of a Factory-Warehouse System” -- Modiglini -- February 6, 1953
FF1220	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #2 -- “Production Control and Inventory Control Practices and Problems as Evidenced by a Survey of Eleven American Companies” -- November 1953
FF1221	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #3 -- Superposition Decision Rules for Production and Inventory Control -- Holt -- October 27, 1953
FF1222	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #4 -- “Production and Inventory Control in the Viscous Manufacturing Company: The Production Rate Problem” -- Simon -- November 1953
 
Box 18 - Continued
FF1223	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #5 -- “Preliminary Report on the Problem of Forecasting Sales of the Viscous Manuacturing Company” -- Modigliani -- November 16, 1953 
FF1224	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #6 -- “Optimum Lot Size Under Uncertianty and Joint Costs” -- Modigliani -- December 1, 1953
FF1225	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #7 -- “An Application of Linear Programming to theTransportation of Industrial Products” -- Schlaifer -- March 6, 1953
FF1226	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #8 -- “Decision Rules for Produciton and Inventory Control with Probability Forecasts of Sales” -- Simon -- 1954-1955
FF1227	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #9 -- “The Control of Inventory and Production Rates; A Survey” -- Simon and Holt -- January 5, 1954
FF1228	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #10 -- “Computational Theory of Linear Programming I: The ‘Bounded Variables’ Problem” -- Charnes and Lemke -- January 7, 1954
FF1229	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #11 -- “The Setting of Production Machines to Minimize Rework and Scrap Costs” -- Holt -- March 18, 1954
FF1230	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #13 -- “A Note on the Inventory-Production Control Model With a Perfect Forecast” -- Charnes and Simon -- March 31, 1954
FF1231	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #14 -- “Business Reasons for Holding Inventories and Their Macro-Economic Implications” -- Modigliani -- April 16, 1954
FF1232	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #15 -- “A Method for Inverting the Matrix Arising from a Quadratic Decision Criterion” -- Modigliani-- May 11, 1954
FF1233	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #16 -- “Computational Theory of Linear Programming - II” Minimization of Non-Linear Seperable Convex Functionals” -- May 27, 1954
FF1234	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #17 -- “On the Relation Between a Heuristic and an Exact Produciton Decision Rule” -- Modigliani and Simon -- June 15, 1954
FF1235	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #18 -- “Method of Calculation of Monthly Production Quantities of Five Viscous Products” -- Culbertson -- June 1954
FF1236	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #19 -- “Duality Regrouping and Warehousing” -- Charnes and Cooper -- June 1954
FF1237	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #20 -- “Linear Programming” -- Charnes and Cooper -- June 1954
 
Box 18 - Continued
FF1238	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #21 -- “Optimum Lot Size Under Uncertainty and Joint Costs, Part II” -- Modigliani and Muth -- July 1954
FF1239	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #22 -- “An Alternative Method for Inverting the Quadratic Decision Matrix” -- Modigliani and Matsuda -- August 14, 1954
FF1240	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #23 -- “Production and Employment Scheduling Under Quadratic Costs” -- Modigliani -- October 1954
FF1241	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #25 -- “Solving Production and Inventory Problems” -- Culbertson -- December 1954
FF1242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #26 -- “A Six Months Operating Test of Decision Rules for Leveling Aggregate Production and Scheduling Items” -- Culbertson -- January 1955
FF1243	 Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #26 -- “A Six Months Operating Test of Decision Rules for Leveling Aggregate Production and Scheduling Items” -- Culbertson -- (Duplicate Folder) -- January 1955
FF1244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #27 -- “Economic Research in Business Behavior and Models of the Business Firm” -- Cooper -- January 1955
FF1245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #28 --“A Model for Optimizing Production by Reference to Cost Surrogates” -- Charnes and Cooper -- January 1955
FF1246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #29 -- “Some Techniques for the Solution of Dynamic Programming Problems in Production Scheduling” -- Simon, Holt, Modigilani -- March 1955
FF1247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #30 -- “A Linear Decision Rule for Production and Employment Scheduling” -- Holt, Modigliani, and Simon -- May 1955
FF1248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #31 -- “Aggregation of Variables in Dynamic Systems” -- Simon -- July 1955
FF1249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #32 -- “The Response of a Linear Decision Rule to Sinusoidal Sales, and Accuracy Requirements for Estimates of the Cost Parameters” -- July 1955
FF1250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #33 -- “Stochastic Programming of Heating Oil by the Horizon Method” -- Charnes, Cooper, and Symonds -- August 1955
FF1251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #34 -- “Generalizations of the Warehousing Model” -- Charnes and Cooper -- September 1955
 
Box 18 - Continued
FF1252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #35 -- “A Note on the Non-Linear Power of Adjacent Extreme Point Methods of Linear Programming” -- Charnes and Cooper-- September, 1955
FF1253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #36 -- “Derivation and Computation of Linear Decision Rules for Produciton and Employment Scheduling” -- Holt, Modigliani and Muth -- October 1955
FF1254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #37 -- “Decision Rules for Allocating Inventory to Lots, and the Aggregation of Cost Function” -- Holt -- September 1956
FF1255	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #38 -- “Reply: Surrogates for Uncertian Decision Problems” -- Simon -- January 1956
FF1256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #39 -- “Optimal Linear Policies” -- Muth -- March 1956
FF1257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #40 -- “Master Scheduling in a Factory-Warehouse System” -- Muth -- March 1956
FF1258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #41 -- “Optimal Decision Rules for Quadratic Criterion Functionals - Part I: One Decision Variable” -- Muth -- March 1956
FF1259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #42 -- “Estimating The Parameters of an Overtime Cost Function” -- Rangnekar, Holt, and Modigliani -- May 1956
FF1260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #43 -- Proportional Allocation of Item Buffers -- Wynne -- May 1956
FF1261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #44 -- “Dynamic Properties of Linear Decision Rules in Production Planning” -- Muth -- May 1956
FF1262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #46 -- “A Study of Sales Fluctuations in Terms of Probability distributions” -- Rangnekar and Holt -- August 1956
FF1263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #47 -- “Trigger Decision Rules for Allocating Inventory to Buffers, and the Aggregation of Cost Functions” -- Modigliani and Rangekar -- December 1956
FF1264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #48 -- “A Trigger Decision Rule for Allocating Inventory to Production Lots and Buffers” -- Winters -- August 1956
FF1265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #52 -- “Forecasting Seasonals and Trends by Exponentially Weighted Moving Averages” -- Holt -- April 2, 1957  
FF1266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #53 -- “A Computer Program: Linear Decision Rule for Production and Employment Scheduling (IBM 650)” -- Folsom and Holt - June 12, 1957

 
Box 18 - Continued
FF1267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #54 -- “Decision Rules for Periodically Allocating Inventory to Buffers, and the Aggregation of Cost Functions” -- Bioni -- May 1957
FF1268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #55 --“Joint Trigger and Lot Size Decision for a Simple Warehouse System” -- Winters -- September 20, 1957 
FF1269	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #56 --“Forecasting Requirements from the Business Standpoint” -- Holt -- October 11, 1957
FF1270	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #57 -- “Inventory Control in a Multiple Warehouse System” -- Winters -- November 15, 1957
FF1271	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #58 -- “Approximation of a Multiple Tribber for Item Inventory Decisions” -- Winters -- April 25, 1958
FF1272	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Memorandum #100 -- “A Note on the Cobb-Douglas Function” -- Simon and Levy -- July 25, 1962
FF1273	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Reprint -- “Controlling Inventory and Production in the Face of Uncertain Sales” -- Simon, Holt, and Modigliani-- N.D.
FF1274	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Reprint -- “The Control of Inventories and Produciton Rates - A Survey” -- Simon and Holt -- Journal of the Operations Research Society of America -- August, 1954
FF1275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Reprint -- “Dynamic Programming Under Uncertianty with a Quadratic Criterion Function” -- Simon -- Econometrica -- January 1956
FF1276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Reprint -- “A Linear Decision Rule for Produciton and Employment Scheduling” -- Holt, Modigliani, and Simon -- Management Science -- October 1955 and January 1956
FF1277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Reprint --“Mathematics for Produciton Scheduling”-- Anshen, Holt, Modigliani, Muth and Simon -- Harvard Business Review -- March-April 1958
FF1278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Reprint -- “On the Application of Servomechanism Theory in the Study of Production Control” -- Simon -- Econometrica -- April 1952
FF1279	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Reprint -- “Solving Production and Inventory Problems” -- Culbertson -- Research Reviews -- December 1954
FF1280	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Reprint -- “Some Properties of Optimal Linear Filters” -- Simon -- Quarterly of Applied Mathematics -- January 1955
 
Box 18 - Continued
FF1281	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Grant Proposal -- “Analysis of Symbolic Parameter Models: A Final Report” -- Simon, Polk, and Wanlehn -- 1992-1995
FF1282	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Grant Proposal -- “Research in Automated Knowledge Acquisition” -- Simon, Reddy, and Carbonell -- 1979-1981
FF1283	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Outline -- Artificial and Natural Intelligence-- N.D.
FF1284	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Outline -- Cognitive Processing -- No. 66, 69, 71-73, 86, 88-89 -- 1958
FF1285	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Outline -- The Diagnostic Evaluation of Children with Learning Problems-- N.D.
FF1286	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Outline -- “Expert or Red”-- N.D.

Box 19
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1287	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- Research on Cognitive Science-- N.D.
FF1288	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “The Architecture of Complexity” -- Simon -- April 23, 1962
FF1289	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “A Bayes Solution for a Problem of Non-Postponable Decision” -- A Bayes Solution for a Non-Sequential Decision Problem” -- Simon -- 1953-1954
FF1290	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “An Essay on the Administrative or Developmental Contirbutions of W.W. Cooper at Carnegie Mellon” -- Davis-- N.D.
FF1291	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “An Explanation of some Experiments on Learning in a Verbal Maze” -- Simon-- July 22, 1955
FF1292	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “General Semantics and the Teaching of Physics” -- Weinberg -- 1940
FF1293	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Group Structure and Interpersonal Creativity as Factors Which Reduce Errors in the Prediction of Marital Adjustment” -- Litwak, Count and Hayden -- 1959
FF1294	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Life Philosophy” - Simon -- July 27, 1984
FF1295	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper “The Natural History of Computers” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF1296	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “A Non-Verbal Sequentially Linked Task, Suitable for Young Children” -- Newell -- July 14, 1966
FF1297	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Notes on the Development of a General Cognitive System” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF1298	Simon, Herbet A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper “Organizational Factors in the Theory of Oligopoly” -- Cyert and March ---June 1955
 
Box 19 - Continued
FF1299	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Political Research: The Decision Making Framework” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF1300	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Principle in Administration” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF1301	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Rapidity of Learning Series of Syllables as a Function of Their Length” -- February 23, 1972
FF1302	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Rational Behavior and Organization Theory” -- Simon -- May 1955
FF1303	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Rationality” -- Simon -- December 2, 1957
FF1304	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Simulation with EPAM or Verbal Learning Experiment: Involving Varying Amounts of Intra-List and Inter-List Similarity” -- Feigenbaum and Simon -- 1962
FF1305	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Some Observations on Complex Systems” -- Simon -- February 14, 1956
FF1306	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper Extract -- “Some Possible General Idiosyncracies” -- Tukey-- N.D.
FF1307	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- Plenary for Allen Newell at Cog Sci ’93 -- February 1993
FF1308	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Procedures for Preparation, Review, Approval and Transmittal of Sponsored Research Proposals -- Booklet -- 1973
FF1309	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- 25th Symposium -- Program -- September 23-26, 1990
FF1310	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- Beta Program -- 1962
FF1311	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- Gay-Lussac Laws in Terms of an Atomic Model-- N.D.
FF1312	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- IP Concept Former Program after Bower and Trabasso -- January 19, 1968
FF1313	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Progrmaming Instructions -- LEARN5 SNOBOL -- MAPP6 SNOBOL --1968, 1972
FF1314	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- Sequence Generator -- Slinky List -- Learning Routine -- 1962, 1965
FF1315	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- Simplest Program for Crypt-Arthmetic Problems -- July 24, 1964
FF1316	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- TIPL Problems -- Dupchak -- 1963
FF1317	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Press Release -- Research Grant to C.I.T. from Carnegie Corporation -- June 14, 1960
FF1318	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Press Release -- Simon Has Been Appointed Head of the Department of Industrial Administration -- Carnegie Tech News -- May 23, 1949
FF1319	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Press Release --Simon Named First Richard King Mellon Professor of Computer Science and Psychology at CIT -- Carnegie Tech News -- March 4, 1966
 
Box 19 - Continued
FF1320	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project Description -- “New Directions in Theorem Proving” -- Simon and Loveland -- September 21, 1971
FF1321	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Human Organization -- Notes --nd
FF1322	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- The Economic Effects of Technological Change -- Notes and Correspondence -- 1947
FF1323	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- The Humans Model -- Notes and Paper -- 1951
FF1324	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Productin Control Project-- “Dynamic Cost” Data -- 1952
FF1325	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Scientific Politics -- Notes and Outlines -- 1952
FF1326	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Miscellaneous -- 1950-1956, 1958
FF1327	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Notes -- 1951-1954
FF1328	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Mathematics -- Notes, Theorems and Proofs -- 1955-1957
FF1329	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Mathematics -- Maze Learning -- Notes and Correspondence -- 1955-1957
FF1330	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Programming Notes -- 1957-1967
FF1331	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Proposal -- Half Time Leave -- 1991
FF1332	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Proposal -- Proposed Compendium of Allen Newell’s Writings -- 1993
FF1333	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Concept Formation Protocols -- 1964
FF1334	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Publications -- Article -- German Language Article on Programming Structures and Abstraction -- Fischer -- 1974
FF1335	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Booklet -- Carnegie Institute of Technology:Facts and Figures -- c. 1964
FF1336	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Publications -- Booklet -- Doctoral Programs in Psychology -- 1989-1990
FF1337	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Publications -- Carnegie Alumnus 45:3 -- December 1959
FF1338	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Publications -- Carnegie Mellon Accent on Research 1:1 -- June 1984
FF1339	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Publications -- Carnegie Mellon Magazine -- 1991
FF1340	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Publications -- Carnegie Technical Magazine -- February 1957
FF1341	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Publications -- Computer Science Research Review -- 1976-1977 -- 1977
FF1342	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Faculty Bulletin -- March 30, 1966
 
Box 19 - Continued
FF1343	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Faculty Bulletin -- September 14, 1966
FF1344	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Publications -- Focus 8:9 -- May 1979
FF1345	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Publications -- List -- Ranking of Great Men (in Political Science) -- American Political Science-- N.D.
FF1346	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reception for Herbert Simon -- Telegram -- 1979
FF1347	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Manual -- CT Programming Environment -- Center for Design of Educational Computers-- N.D.
FF1348	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Divided Attention” -- Hirst, Neisser, Spelke -- Human Nature -- June 1978
FF1349	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Bibliography -- “Higher Mental Processes”-- N.D.
FF1350	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Definite Linear Dependence Project -- Notes -- Graphs-- N.D.
FF1351	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Electrical Circuit Problems -- Correspondence-- N.D. 
FF1352	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- 5” Floppy Disc -- “Laboratory Activities for Theories of Learning Sensation and Perception” -- Larsen -- John Carroll University --nd
FF1353	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Lists of Organization Members-- N.D.
FF1354	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Lists of Word - Number Problems-- N.D.
FF1355	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Memorandum -- “Mode, Median, and Mean as Optimal Strategies” -- Behavioral Resesarch Laboratory, Boulder, CO -- 1963
FF1356	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Notes -- “Description of a Serial Game” -- 1964
FF1357	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Notes on Nils Bohr’s Work of 1913-- N.D.
FF1358	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Creativity: Process and Personality Six Case-Studies of Eminent Psychologists” -- Gross -- July 1964
FF1359	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Portrait of a Scientist, Professor Herbert A. Simon, PhD” -- Tatum-- N.D.
FF1360	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material --Patterns and Problems List-- N.D. 
FF1361	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Press Release -- “David Dreman Applies Psychology to the Stock Market” -- AMACOM-- N.D.
FF1362	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Press Release -- “J.M. Johnston Elected to Board of Nuclear Science and Engineering” -- Nuclear Science and Engineering Corp-- N.D.
 
Box 19 - Continued
FF1363	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Reading Activities Survey -- Table-- N.D. 
FF1364	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Roland Reich Musical Protocol -- Reitman-- N.D.
FF1365	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Tasks for Study of Cognitive Processes-- N.D. 
FF1366	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Report -- Analysis of Sachem Screw Machine Company -- December 1956
FF1367	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Report -- “R.K. Mellon Grant” -- 1973
FF1368	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Research on Music Patterns -- Notes -- Sheet Music -- Notebooks -- 1966-1968
FF1369	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Review of Unknown Dissertation -- c. 1967
FF1370	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Schedule -- Alternatives for a New Society Conference -- 1970
FF1371	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Schedule -- Spring Semester -- 1971
FF1372	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Schmid Corporation-- N.D.
FF1373	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Simon, R.K. Mellon Professor in Computer Science -- Accounting Information -- 1965-1974

Box 20
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1374	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Shop Club -- 1958
FF1375	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Speech -- On the Inauguration of President Cyert -- Simon -- 1973
FF1376	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Statement -- “A Statement on Academic Freedom at Carnegie Mellon University” -- 1969
FF1377	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Assignment -- Report on Mathematics of Energy Transfers in Running-- N.D.
FF1378	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Files -- Arcuni -- **Restricted Files** -- 1994
FF1379	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Files -- Brassert --**Restricted Files** -- 1959
FF1380	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Files -- Brugos --**Restricted Files** -- 1959
FF1381	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Files -- Cashman --**Restricted Files** -- 1959
FF1382	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Files -- Gibbons --**Restricted Files** -- 1972
FF1383	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Files -- Tyrell --**Restricted Files** -- 1959
FF1384	Simon, Herbert A. -- Dissertations -- Student Papers -- 1975
 
Box 20- Continued
FF1385	Simon, Herbert A. -- Dissertations -- Student Papers -- Baylor -- “Dreams as Problem Solving: Towards an Integration of the Phenomenological and Information-Processing Perspectives” --**Restricted Files** -- 1978
FF1386	Simon, Herbert A. -- Dissertations -- Student Papers -- Feitelson and Stefile -- “A Case Study of the Reasoning in a Genetics Experiment” --**Restricted Files** -- 1977
FF1387	Simon, Herbert A. -- Dissertations -- Student Papers -- Gillmartin -- LEARN.SNO and GMAPP.SNO-- N.D.
FF1388	Simon, Herbert A. -- Dissertations -- Student Papers -- Langley -- “BACON.2 Chunking Run” -- “BACON.2 Polynomic Run” --‘BACON.2 Run on Bode’s Law” -- 1978
FF1389	Simon, Herbert A. -- Dissertations -- Student Papers -- Larkin -- “A New Physics Simulation Program” --**Restricted Files** -- 1979
FF1390	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Protocol -- Arithmetic Word Problems -- 1971
FF1391	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Protocols -- Monster Problem -- 1977
FF1392	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Protocols -- Monster Problem -- 1977
FF1393	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Protocols -- Pipe Problem -- 1977
FF1394	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Study -- “Criterion for a Philosophy Department for Carnegie Mellon University”-- N.D.
FF1395	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Study -- “CIT Organization” -- Simon -- 1956
FF1396	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Summer Workshops in Information Processing Psychology -- 1973
FF1397	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Systems and Communication Sciences Lectures -- “Elements of Complex Information Processing” -- Newell -- 1966
FF1398	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- System and Program Design -- Concept Learning System-- N.D.
FF1399	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- System and Program Design -- The Computer Conrtolled Psychology Laboratory System-- N.D.
FF1400	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- System and Program Design -- Limulation of Perceptual Processes in Chess-- N.D.
FF1401	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Table --“Knowledge Map of the World”-- N.D.
FF1402	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Table of Contents -- Lunau -- 1944
FF1403	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Transition Networks -- Problem -- “A Monster Problem”-- N.D.
FF1404	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Transition Networks -- Problems -- “Problem Space Problems” -- “The Mattress Factory Problem” -- 1973
FF1405	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Transition Networks -- Problem -- “A Purely Academic Problem” -- N.D.
 
Box 20 - Continued
FF1406	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Transition Networks -- Problem -- “A Tea Ceremony” -- 1976
FF1407	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Transition Networks -- Problem -- “A Tea Ceremony” -- 1972-1973
FF1408	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Transition Networks -- Printouts -- 1973
FF1409	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Unclassified Notes -- 1959
FF1410	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Unclassified Notes -- 1974-1977
FF1411	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- University of Illinois Relations -- 1945-1962
Box 21
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1412	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #461 -- “Recognizing, Thinking, and Learning as Information Processes” -- Simon and Jing -- August 30, 1987
FF1413	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #462 -- “Images of Empty Space” Einstein’s Word Pictures” -- Simon -- February 26, 1992
FF1414	Simon, Herbert A.-- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #463 -- “Foundations of Cognitive Science: Overview” -- Simon and Kaplan -- January 5, 1988
FF1415	Simon, Herbert A. --  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #464 -- “Context Effects in Letter Percepton: A Comparison of Two Theories” -- Simon and Richman -- March 26, 1988
FF1416	Simon, Herbert A.-- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #465 -- “Prediction and Prescription in Systmes Modeling” -- Simon -- May 31, 1988
FF1417	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #466 -- “Problem Formulation and Alternative Generation in th Decision Making Process” -- Simon -- May 28, 1988
FF1418	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #467 -- “Organizations and Markets” -- Simon -- February 28, 1990
FF1419	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #468 -- “In Search of Insight” -- Kaplan and Simon -- April 25, 1990
FF1420	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #470 -- “Laboratory Replication of Scientific Discovery Processes” -- Qin and Simon -- April 30, 1989
FF1421	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #471 -- “What Makes Some Problems Really Hard: Explorations in the Problem Space of Difficulty” -- Kotovsky and Simon -- September 1988
FF1422	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #472 -- “Hatching a Theory of Incubation Effects” -- Kaplan and Davidson -- December 15, 1988
 
Box 21 - Continued
FF1423	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #473 -- “Prospects for Cognitive Science” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF1424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #474 -- “Black Ravens and a White Shoe” -- Simon -- June 18, 1989
FF1425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #475 -- “The Coputer as a Laboratory for Epistemology” -- Simon -- October 5, 1989
FF1426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #476 -- “A Model of Social Selection and Successful Altruism” -- Simon -- July 8, 1990
FF1427	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #477 -- “SWITCH” A simulation of Representational Change in the Mutilated Checkerboard Problem” -- Kaplan -- December 8, 1989
FF1428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #478 -- “The Game of Chess” -- Simon -- October 12, 1990
FF1429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #479 -- “Fitness Requirements of Scientific Theories Containing Recursive Theoretical Terms” -- Simon and Shen -- January 28, 1990
FF1430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #480 -- “Liberal Eduation: The View from Cognitive Science” -- Simon -- March 1, 1990
FF1431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #481 -- “Machine as Mind” -- Simon -- April 18, 1990
FF1432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #482 -- “Qualitative Reasoning: How We Think Our Way Through the Day” -- Simon -- March 1, 1990
FF1433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #483 -- “Litereary Criticism: A Cognitive Approach” -- Simon -- May 25, 1992
FF1434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #485 -- “Alternative Representations for Cognition: Search and Reasoning” -- Simon -- February 3, 1991
FF1435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #486 -- “Random Thoughts about Methods of Research” -- Simon -- February 17, 1991
FF1436	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #487 -- “The Mathematical Bases for Qualitative Reasoning “ -- Iwasaki, Kalagnanam and Simon -- 1990
FF1437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #488 -- “Altruism and Economics” -- Simon -- April 10, 1991
FF1438	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #489 -- “The Cat thatCuriosity Couldn’t Kill” -- Simon -- April 10, 1991
FF1439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #490 -- “Models of Test Selection” -- Simon, Bhandarim and Siewiorek -- March 14, 1991
 
Box 21 - Continued
FF1440	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #491 -- “An EPAM Model of Categorization” -- Simon and Richman -- December 4, 1991
FF1441	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #492 -- “On General Models of Probe Selection” -- Simon, Bhandari, and Siewiorek -- May 14, 1991
FF1442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #493 -- “Game Theory and the Concept of Rationality” -- Simon -- June 15, 1991
FF1443	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #494 -- “Situated Action: A Symbolic Interpretation” -- Simon and Vera-- N.D.
FF1444	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #495 -- “The Rhetoric of Cognitive Science” -- Simon -- November 16, 1991
FF1445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #496 -- “What Is an ‘Explanation’ of Behavior” -- Simon -- August 14, 1991
FF1446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #497 -- “Rationality in Political Behavior” -- Simon -- February 8, 1991
FF1447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #498 -- “Computer Simulation: Separating Fact from Fiction” -- Kaplan -- June 18, 1992
FF1448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #499 -- “Why the Mind Needs an Eye: The Users of Mental Imagery” -- Simon -- August 9, 1992
FF1449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #500 -- “Consequences of the Computer-Oriented Technology: For Psychology and for Society” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF1450	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #501 -- “Memory for Chess Positions: Effect of Mirror Image Reflection and Recall of Several Boards” -- Simon and Gobet -- November 16, 1992
FF1451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #502 -- “The Bottlenec of Attentin: Connecting Thought With Motivation” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF1452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #503 -- “Altruism and Economics” -- Simon --nd
FF1453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #504 -- “Altruism is Compatible with Neo-Farwinian Doctrine: Theory and Social Science Applications” -- Simon -- April 18, 1993
FF1454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #505 -- “Is International Management Different From Management?” -- Simon -- May 2, 1993

 
Box 21 - Continued
FF1455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #506 -- “The Human Mind: The Symbolic Level” -- Simon -- May 1, 1993
FF1456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #507 -- “Near Decomposability and Complexity: How a Mind Resides in a Brain” -- Simon -- May 25, 1993
FF1457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #508 -- “Scientific Approaches to the Question of Consciousness” -- Simon -- May 22, 1993
FF1458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #509 -- “Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon -- May 4, 1995
FF1459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #510 -- “Strategy and Organizational Evolution” -- Simon -- September 18, 1993
FF1460	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #511 -- “Computational Theories of Cognition” -- November 14, 1993
FF1461	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #512 -- “Simulation of Expert Memory Using EPAM IV” -- Simon, Richmond, and Staszekski -- November 15, 1994
FF1462	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #513 -- “Templates in Chess Memory: A Mechanism for Recalling Several Boards” -- Simon and Gobet -- June 20, 1995
FF1463	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #514 -- “EPAM Simulations of Short-Term Memory” -- Simon and Richman -- November 25, 1994
FF1464	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #515 -- “Expert Chess Memory: Revisiting the Chunking Hypothesis” -- Simon and Gobet -- February 12, 1996
FF1465	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #516 -- “Choosing a Metaphor for Thinking” -- Simon -- 1994
FF1466	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #517 -- “Memory in Chess Players: Chunks, Schemata, or both?” -- Gobet -- June 6, 1994
FF1467	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #518 -- “Chunks in Chess Memory: Recall of Random and Distorted Positions” -- Simon and Gobet-- N.D.
FF1468	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #519 -- “Serial Ordering Effects: EPAM and the Perturbation Model” -- Simon and Richman -- August 11, 1994
FF1469	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #520 -- “Psychology and Economics” -- Simon -- September 15, 1994
FF1470	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #521 -- “The Roles of Recognition Processes and Look-Ahead Search in Time-Contrained Expert Problem Solving” -- Simon and Gobet -- March 7, 1995
 
Box 21 - Continued
FF1471	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #522 -- “Machine Discovery” -- Simon -- October 17, 1994
FF1472	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #523 -- “Recall of Random and Distorted Chess Positions” -- Simon and Gobet -- June 23, 1995
FF1473	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #524 -- “Role of Presentation Time in Recall of Game and Random Chess Positions” -- Simon and Gobet -- December 16, 1994
FF1474	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #525 -- “Collaborative Discovery in a Scientific Domain” -- Simon and Okada -- May 10, 1996
FF1475	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #526 -- “Applications and Misapplications of Cognitive Psychology to Mathematics Education”-- Simon, Anderson and Reder -- 1995
FF1476	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --“Perceptual and Memory Processes in the Acquisition of Expert Performance: The EPAM Model” -- Simon, Richman, Gobet and Staszewski -- May 26, 1995
FF1477	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #529-- Explaining the Ineffable: AI on the Topics of Intuition, Insight, and Inspiration -- Simon -- April 1995
FF1478	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #530 -- “CaMeRa: A Computational Model of Multiple Representations” -- Simon, Tabachneck-Schiff, and Leonardo -- August 14, 1996
FF1479	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #531 -- “Strenghthening Words without Pictues: Analogical Reasoning with Multiple Representations” -- Simon and Tabachneck -- April 1995
FF1480	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #532 -- “Logic and Thought” -- Simon and Eisenstadt -- July 19, 1996
FF1481	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #533 -- “Recall of Rapidly Presented Random Chess Positions is a Function of Skill” -- Simon and Gobet -- November 1, 1995
FF1482	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #534 -- “Science Seeks Parsimony, Not Simplicity Searching for Patterns in Phenomena” -- Simon -- January 6, 1997
FF1483	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #535 -- “Goals, Representations and Strategies in a Concept Attainment Task: The EPAM Model” -- Simon, Gobet, Richman and Staszewski -- January 2, 1997
FF1484	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #536 -- “Discovering Explanations” -- Simon-- N.D.
FF1485	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #537 -- “The Nature of Mathematical Intuition” -- Simon -- January 27, 1997

 
Box 21 - Continued
FF1486	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #538 -- “Cognitive Theory to Guide Curriculum Design for Learning from Examples and by Doing” -- Simon, Lee, and Zhu -- May 9, 2000
FF1487	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #540 -- “Testing Computer Models of Scientific Discovery” -- Simon and Kulkarni -- January 15, 1998
FF1488	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #541 -- “Rules vs. Examples in Problem Solving: Decoding Korean Sentences” -- Simon and Kim -- April 29, 1998
FF1489	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #542 -- “Seek and Ye Shall Find: How Curiosity Engenders Discovery” -- Simon -- June 30, 1998
FF1490	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #543 -- “Five Seconds or Sixty? Presentation Time in Expert Memory” -- Simon and Gobet -- May 17, 1999
FF1491	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #544 -- “Expertixe Effects in Memory Recall: Comments on Vincente and Wang” -- Simon and Gobet -- May 11, 1999
FF1492	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #545 -- “A Chinese Room that Understands” -- Simon and Eisenstadt -- September 22, 2000
FF1493	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #546 --“Karl Duncker and Cognitive Science” -- Simon -- February 12, 1999
FF1494	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #547 -- “A Time for Talk and a Time for Silence’ -- Simon -- October 1, 1999
FF1495	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #548 -- “Modeling Strategies in a Categorization Task” Why and How to Build Theories” -- Simon, Gluck, Staszewski, Richman and Delahanty -- May 25, 2000
FF1496	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #549 -- “Near Decomposability and the Speed of Evolution” -- Simon -- April 4, 2000
FF1497	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #550 -- “Forecasting the Future or Shaping it?  -- Simon -- October 19, 2000
FF1498	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complex Information Processing (CIP) -- Paper #551 -- “We and They: The Human Urge to Identify with Groups” -- Simon -- October 24, 2000
 
Box 22
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1499	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Admissions Office -- Memorandum -- November 12, 1991
FF1500	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Business Affairs and University Planning -- 1985-1997
FF1501	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF1502	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Data -- 2000
FF1503	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Data -- 2000
FF1504	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Data -- Transfer Trial -- 2000
FF1505	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Experiment 2 -- 2000
FF1506	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- experiment 2 -- 2000
FF1507	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Graph -- “A-Proneness” -- 2000
FF1508	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Notes -- 2000
FF1509	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Paper --“Modeling Strategies in a Categorization Task” -- Gluck, Staszewski, Richman, Simon, Delahanty -- 2000
FF1510	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Classificaiton in Well-Defined and Ill-Defined Categories” -- Martin and Caramazza -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 109:3 -- 1980
FF1511	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Feature Saliency and Recognition Memory for Schematic Faces” -- Perception and Psychophysics 10:1 -- Friedman, Reed, Carteetle -- 1971
FF1512	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Article --“Pattern Recognitin and Categorization” -- Reed -- Cognitive Psychology 3 -- 1972

FF1513	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Reference Material -- Book Excerpt -- Memory and Cognition -- Kintsch-- N.D.

FF1514	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Reference Material -- Book Excerpt -- “Representation and Organization of Knowledge” -- Author Unknown-- N.D.
FF1515	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Mathematical Models for Categorization Tasks” -- Gluck, Staszewski, Richman, Simon, and Delahanty -- 2000
 
Box 22 - Continued
FF1516	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University ---- Brunswik Faces Project -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “A Pattern-Recognition Theory of Search in Expert Problem Solving” -- Gobert -- 1996
FF1517	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Report -- “Description Face Categorization Study”-- N.D.
FF1518	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project --Subject Data -- Learning Matrices -- 2000
FF1519	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project --Subject Data -- Protocol Study -- 2000
FF1520	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project --Subject Data -- VP Subjects -- JL, LS2, MB, WRC-- N.D.
FF1521	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project --Subject Data --VP Subjects ML, MS, PK, RB, BM-- N.D.
FF1522	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project --Subject Data --VP Subjects  AKB, JIS, MK, MD-- N.D.
FF1523	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project --Subject Data -- Subject Data -- VP Subjects SC, SC2, AB, CM-- N.D.
FF1524	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Table -- 1999
FF1525	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Table --“Accuracy Measures and Prob of ‘A’ Response’ -- “Strategies in a Categorization Task” -- “Summary of Data for Individual Participants” -- “Protocol Subjects ‘Responses: Transfers Tasks” -- 2000
FF1526	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Table -- Analysis of Participants -- 2000
FF1527	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Carnegie Bosch Institute -- Correspondence -- 1990-1995
FF1528	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Bosch Institute -- Correspondence -- 1996-2000
FF1529	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Bosch Institute -- Dean’s Conference -- 1991
FF1530	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Bosch Institute -- Governing Board -- 1990
FF1531	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Bosch Institute -- Presidential Search -- 1992
FF1532	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Bosch Institute -- Trustee’s Governance and Executive Committee Meeting -- 1990
FF1533	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Corporation Grant -- 1973-1977
FF1534	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Categorization -- Article -- “Accounting for Graded Performance within a Discrete Search Framework” -- Miller and Laird -- Cognitive Science 20 -- 1996
FF1535	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “The Case for Rules in Reasoning” -- Smith, Langston, and Nisbett -- Cognitive Science 16 -- 1992
 
Box 22 - Continued
FF1536	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Categorization -- Article -- “A Common Structure for Concepts of Individuals, Stuffs and Real Kinds” -- Milikan -- Behavioral and Brain Sciences 21 -- 1998
FF1537	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Categorization -- Article -- “Comparing Exemplar and Prototype Models of Categorization” -- Dopkins and Gleason -- Canadian Journal of Experimental Psychology 51:3 -- 1997		
FF1538	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Categorization -- Article -- “Prototypes in the Mist: The Early Epochs of Category Learning” -- Smith and Manda -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 24:6 -- 1998
FF1539	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Categorization -- Article -- ‘Recent Views of Conceptual Structure” -- Komatsu -- Psychological Bulletin 112:3 -- 1992
FF1540	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Categorization -- Article --“Recognition Memory for Exceptions to the Category Rule” -- Palmeri and Nosofsky -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 21:3 -- 1995
FF1541	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon Universtiy -- Categorization -- Article -- “A Rule-plus-Exception Model for Classifying Objects in Continous-dimension Spaces” -- Nosofsky and Palmeri -- Psychonomic Bulletin and Review 5:3 -- 1998
FF1542	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Categorization -- Article -- “Rule-Plus-Exception Model of Classification Learning” -- Nosofsky, Palmeri, and McKinley -- Psychological Review 101:1 -- 1994
FF1543	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Categorization -- Article -- “Simulation Modelsof the Influence of Learning Mode and Training Variance on Category Learning” -- Elio and Lin -- Cognitive Science 18 --1994
FF1544	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Categorization -- Notes-- “If, Then Rule”-- N.D.
FF1545	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Categorization -- Paper -- “A Hybrid Model of Categorization” -- Anderson and Betz -- 2000
FF1546	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Center for Design of Educational Computing -- 1987-1994
FF1547	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Center for Innovation in Learning -- 1993
FF1548	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Center for Innovation in Learning -- 1994-1996, 1998
FF1549	Simon, Herbert A.-- Carnegie Mellon University -- Center for University Outreach -- 1995
FF1550	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Article -- “Effects of Orienting Tasks on Recognition of Chess Positions” -- Goldin -- American Journal of Psychology 91:4 -- 1978
FF1551	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Article -- “Mental Rotation of Three-Dimensional Objects” -- Shepard and Metzler -- Science 171:3972 -- 1971
FF1552	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Article -- “A Pattern-Recognition Theory of Search in Expert Problem Solving” -- Gobet -- Thinking and Reasoning 3:4 -- 1997
 
Box 22 - Continued
FF1553	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess --Article - “Role of High-Level Knowledge in Memory for Chess Positions” -- Cooke, Atlas, Lane, Berger -- American Journal of Psychology -- 1993
FF1554	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Correspondence -- “Recall of Rapidly Preesented Random Chess Positions is a Function of Skill” -- Gobet and Simon -- Commentary -- August 22, 1995
FF1555	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Data -- “How Many Variations and Positions Do Masters Know in the Openings?” -- 1993
FF1556	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Graphs -- “Largest Chunks” -- 1993
FF1557	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Graphs -- “Session 1 to Session 109”-- N.D.
FF1558	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Paper --“Applying Retrieval Structures to Chess memory” -- Richman, Simon, and Gobet -- 1991
FF1559	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Paper --“Can Deep Blue Make Us Happy?” -- Gobet -- 1997
FF1560	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Paper --“Chunks in Chess Memory: Recall of Random and Distorted Postitions” -- Gobet and Simon -- 1994
FF1561	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Paper --“An Ecological Theory of Expertise Effects in Memory Recall” -- Vincente and Wang --nd
FF1562	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Paper --“Expert Memory” A Comparison of Four Theories” -- Gobet -- 1997
FF1563	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Paper --“Memory for Chess Positions: Recall of Several Boards” -- Gobet and Simon -- 1994
FF1564	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Paper --“Memory in Chess Players: Chunks, Schemata or Both?” -- Gobet -- 1993
FF1565	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Paper --“Pattern Recognition Makes Search Possible: Comment on Holding” -- gobet and Simon -- Review -- Article -- 1997
FF1566	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Paper --“The Shortcomings of Long-Term Working Memory” -- Gorbet -- 1997
FF1567	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Paper --“Recall Memory for Visually-Presented Chess Positions” -- Frey and Adesman-- N.D.
FF1568	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Paper --“Recall of Random and Distorted Chess Positions” -- Gobet and Simon -- 1995
FF1569	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Chess -- Paper Review -- “Memory for Chess Positions: Effect of Mirror Image Reflection and Recall of Several Boards” -- Gobet and Simon -- 1993
FF1570	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Reference Material -- Articles about Machine Learning and Chess -- 1999
FF1571	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Report -- “Rambling on Chess Skill” -- Gobet -- 1993

 
Box 23
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1572	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- CMU Model 2 Plan -- Notes -- Report -- Correspondence -- 1990-1992, 1994
FF1573	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- CMU/Volkswagen Initiative committee -- Correspondence -- Agenda -- 1990
FF1574	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- College of Fine Arts -- Correspondence -- 1974, 1980-1996
FF1575	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence between Allen Newell and Shirley Marks -- October 9, 1968
FF1576	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Class List -- Grade Sheets --**Restricted Files** -- 2000
FF1577	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Class Roster --**Restricted Files** -- 2000 
FF1578	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Cognitive Theories in the Form of Computer Programs -- Syllabus -- 2000
FF1579	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Correspondence -- August 2000
FF1580	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Course Feedback -- Questionnaire -- 1999
FF1581	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Final Exam Masters  -- Answer Keys -- 1981-2000
FF1582	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Homework Assignments -- Answer Keys -- 2000
FF1583	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Lecture Notes -- 1999
FF1584	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711, 15-886A: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Lecture Notes -- 2000
FF1585	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711, 15-886A: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Syllabus -- Reading List -- Schedule -- 2000-2001
FF1586	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711, 15-886A: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Reference Material -- 2000
FF1587	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Student Assignments -- Term Project Progress Reports -- **Restricted Files** -- 2000
FF1588	Simon,Herbert A -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Syllabus -- 1992-1999
 
Box 23 - Continued
FF1589	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Term Project Proposal Guidelines -- Assignments -- 1965, 1990-1999
FF1590	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processess and Problem Solving -- Transparencies -- 2000
FF1591	Simon, Herbert A. -- Course Materials -- Unknown Course -- Lecture Notes-- N.D.
FF1592	Simon, Herbert A. --Department of Engineering and Public Policy Advisory Report --**Restricted Files** -- 1992
FF1593	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Separtment of English, College of Humanities and Social Sciences (H&SS) --Advisory Board Reports --**Restricted Files** -- 1983, 1991, 1993, 1996
FF1594	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of History, College of Humanities and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Correspondence -- 1966, 1981, 1986-1987
FF1595	Simon, Herbert A.-- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of History, College of Humanities and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Advisory Board Reports --**Restricted Files** -- 1995, 1998
FF1596	Simon, Herbert A.-- Carnegie Mellon University -- Development -- Correspondence -- 1992, 1996
FF1597	Simon, Herbert A.-- Carnegie Mellon University -- Dickson Prize Selection Committee -- Memoranda -- Correspondence -- Nominations -- 1991, 1998-2000
FF1598	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Eberly Center for Teaching Excellence -- Correspondence -- Memoranda -- 1993-1997
FF1599	Simon, Herbert A.-- Carnegie Mellon University-- Economics -- Memorandum -- April 1992
FF1600	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--Electricla Engineering -- Correspondence -- 1977, 1987
FF1601	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University-- Engineering Design Research Center (EDRC) -- 1989-1990, 1994
FF1602	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Book Chapter -- “Exceptional Memory: The Influence of Practice and Knowledge on the Development of Elaborative Encoding Strategies -- 1992
FF1603	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Book Chapter -- “Organization and the Gestalt Tradition” -- Hochberg -- Handbook of Perception, Vol 1 -- 1974
FF1604	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) --Correspondence -- 1994-1999
FF1605	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) --Graphs -- “EPAM Principle Structures”-- N.D.
FF1606	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) --Notes-- N.D.
FF1607	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Outline -- “Concept Formation” -- 1995
 
Box 23 - Continued
FF1608	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “Application of a Computer Simulation Model of Human Memory to Two Memory Tasks” -- Harris and Laughey-- N.D.
FF1609	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “Cognitive Organization and Learning” -- Norman -- August 10, 1973
FF1610	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “An EPAM Model of Categorization” -- Richman and Simon -- Manuscript -- Correspondence -- Reference Material -- 1991-1992
FF1611	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “An EPAM Model of Categorization” -- Richman and Simon -- Reference Material -- “Structural Bases of Typicality Effects -- 1976-1983
FF1612	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “EPAM Simulations of Short Term Memory” -- Richman and Simon -- Manuscript -- Correspondence -- 1994
FF1613	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “Expert Retrieval Structures and Exceptional Memory” -- Staszewski -- 1992
FF1614	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “Expert Retrieval Structures and Exceptional Memory” -- Staszewski -- Correspondence -- Reviews -- 1994
FF1615	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “Memory, Knowledge, and the Answering of Questions” -- Norman -- 1972
FF1616	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “Overviewe of Short Term Memory Experiment Combining Design of Turvey with Procedures of Peterson” -- Richman and Simon -- February 24, 1995
FF1617	Simon, Herbert A. --Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “Perceptual and Memory Processes in Acquistions of Expert Performance: The EPAM Model” -- Richman, Gobet, Staszewski and Simon -- May 16, 1995
FF1618	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper --“Real-World Variability, Reasonableness Judgements and Memory Representations for Concepts” -- Walker-- N.D.
FF1619	Simon,  Herbert A -- Carnegie Mellon University--EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “Retrieval Structures and Exceptional Memory” --Staszewski -- Manuscript -- 1991-1992
FF1620	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM(Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper --“A Revised Concept of Isomorphism and A Technique for the Study of Internal Representations” -- Shepard and Chipman-- N.D.
FF1621	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “Serial Ordering Effects: EPAM and the Perturbation Model” -- Richman and Simon -- Manuscript -- 1994-1995

 
Box 23 - Continued
FF1622	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Programming Instructions -- EPAM5 -- 1995
FF1623	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM(Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Long-Term Working Memory” -- Ericsson and Kintsch -- Psychological Review 102:2 -- 1995
FF1624	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Reference Material Article -- “Priming and Human Memory Systems” -- Tulving and Schacter -- Science 247 -- 1950
FF1625	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program)  -- Reference Materials -- Paper -- “Cognitive Models for Spatial Representations in Congentially Blind, Adventitiously Blind and Sighted” -- 1974
FF1626	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Theory Guided Analysis of Mechanisms of Development and Aging through Testing the Limits and Research on Expertise” -- Kliegel and Baltes -- 1986
FF1627	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM(Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Reviews -- Paper -- “Simulation of Expert Memory Using EPAM IV” -- Richman, Staszewski, and Simon -- 1994
FF1628	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Strategy -- Appendix --Probabilistical Analysis-- N.D.
FF1629	Simon, Herbert A.-- Carnegie Mellon University --EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Strategy -- Book Chapeter -- “Exceptional Memory” -- Staszewski -- Interaction Among Aptitudes, Strategies and Knowledge in Cognitive Performance” -- 1990
FF1630	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Stategy -- Correspondence -- Pennsylvania Homeschoolers -- 1996
FF1631	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Strategy -- Correspondence -- Staszewski Papers -- Proposal -- 1990
FF1632	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Strategy -- Programming Instructions -- EPAM Typicality Program -- 1991
FF1633	Simon, Herbert A.-- Carnegie Mellon University-- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Strategy -- Programming Instructions -- “Perciever” -- 1990
FF1634	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM(Elementary Perciever and Memorizer Program) -- Strategy -- Tables -- “Simulations of Enriched Depleted Lists”-- N.D.
FF1635	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) --Strategy -- Table -- Graphs --“Verbal Protocol: DDS Encoding of a 50-Digit List”-- N.D.
FF1636	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- thesis -- “The Role of the Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer (EPAM) in Optical Character Recognition (OCR)” -- **Restricted** -- 1994
 
Box 24
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1637	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Faculty Course Evaluation -- 85-411, 85-711, 15-886L : Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving -- Statistics --**Restricted Files** -- 1988-1997, 1999-2000
FF1638	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Faculty Course Evaluation -- 15-880: Computational Models of Natural Systems -- **Restricted Files** -- 1993
FF1639	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University-- faculty Recognition Committee -- Correspondence -- **Restricted Files** -- 1998-2000
FF1640	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Faculty Senate -- 1984, 1989
FF1641	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--Focal Point Program -- Asian-American Identity -- 1991
FF1642	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--Godel--Article--“An Article Proof of Godel’s Incompleteness Theorem” -- Ammon -- Artificial Intelligence 64 -- 1993
FF1643	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University-- Godel -- Article --“The Automation of Proof: A Historical and Sociological Exploration” -- Mackenzie -- IEEE Annuals of the History of Computing 17:3 -- 1995
FF1644	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--Godel--Article --“Letter to the Editor (for Ammon’s Article)” -- Bruning, Thielscher and Bibel -- Artificial Intelligence 64 -- 1993
FF1645	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--Godel -- Article --“Some Automatic Proofs in Analysis” -- Bledsoe -- Contemporary Mathematics 29 -- 1984
FF1646	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Godel -- Book Chapter -- “the Problem of Intentionality” -- Bechtel -- Philosophy of Mind-- N.D.
FF1647	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Godel -- Godel’s Theorum, Generalized -- 1994
FF1648	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University-- Godel -- “Godel’s Thoughts on the Relation Between Minds and Machines”-- N.D.
FF1649	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--Godel -- “Notes on Machines and Mind - The Tragedy of Philosophy” -- Simon -- October 6, 1991
FF1650	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--Godel --Paper-- “Applications of Inductive Logic Programming” --Bratko and Muggleton -- 1994
FF1651	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University-- Godel -- Paper -- “Deduction and Cognition” -- Rips -- Correspondence -- 1995
FF1652	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--Godel -- Paper --“Godelproofer: An Inference Rule Based System Written in the Production Language of EPSS” -- Eisenstadt-- N.D.
FF1653	Smon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University-- Godel -- Paper -- “The Logic of Mathematical Discovery vs. the Logical Structure of Mathematics” --Feferman--- 1978
FF1654	Simon, Herbert A. .--Carnegie Mellon University--Godel -- Paper --“TPS: A Theorem Proving System for Classical Type Theory” -- Andrews, et al -- 1994
FF1655	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--Godel --Programming Instructions -- INFGODEL-- Eisenstadt and Simon -- 1994
 
Box 24 - Continued
FF1656	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University-- Godel -- Reference Material --Article -- “Automated  Theorem-Proving: A Quarter Century Review” -- Loveland -- Contemporary Mathematics 29 -- 1984
FF1657	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University-- Godel -- Reference Material --Article-- “Cognitive Processes in Propositional Reasoning” --“Mental Muddle” -- Rips -- Psychological Review -- The Representation of Knowledge-- 1983, 1986
FF1658	Simon, Herbert A.--Carnegie Mellon University--Godel --Reference Material -- Article -- “Lucas’s Number is Finally Up: -- Bowie -- Foundations of Cognitive Science-- N.D.
FF1659	 Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Godel-- Reference Material --Article --“Why I Am not a Turing Machine: Godel’s Theorems and the Philosophy and the Philosophy of Mind” -- Tymoczko -- Foundations of Cognitive Science-- N.D.
FF1660	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Godel -- Report -- “Intercalation Calculi for Classical Logic” -- Sieg -- 1994
FF1661	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Godel -- Report -- “K-Graph Machies: Generalizing Turing’s Machines and Arguments” -- Sieg and Byrnes -- 1994
FF1662	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Godel -- Report --“MechanicalProcedures and Mathematical Experience” -- Sieg -- 1991
FF1663	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Godel --Report -- “Paper Machines” -- Mundici and Sieg -- 1994
FF1664	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Godel -- Theses -- “Realisation de Programmes de Demonstration de Theorems Utilisant des Methodes Heuristiques” -- Pitrat -- 1966
FF1665	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Goverence Committee -- 1990, 1998-1999
FF1666	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) -- 1961-1965, 1982
FF1667	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) -- 1958, 1962-2000
FF1668	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) -- Novus 21 (Alumni Magazine) -- 1976
FF1669	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) -- Organizaiton Seminar -- 1972, 1995
FF1670	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) --Personnel -- 1972, 1989, 993, 1995
FF1671	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) -- Policies -- 1994
FF1672	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) --Project Proposal -- 1966
FF1673	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) --Report -- “Doctoral Programs in GSIA:A White Paper -- April 1992
FF1674	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) --Report -- “Research on Organizaitons in the Graduate School of Industrial Administration, 1952, 1960” -- 1961

 
Box 24 - Continued
FF1675	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) -- Transition Committee -- 1996
FF1676	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) -- H.A. Simon Scholarship -- 1991
FF1677	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) --Robert S. Sullivan -- 1991 -- 1995
FF1678	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Grants -- ARPA Proposal -- “Major Research Area: Human-Computer Interaction” -- 1993
FF1679	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- GRIPE -- 1987-1988, 1989
FF1680	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Heinz School, School of Urban and Public Affairs (SUPA) -- 1985-1986, 1999-2000
FF1681	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Hunt Library -- 1983-1984, 1987
FF1682	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Einstein -- Article --“How Einstein got the Nobel Prize” -- Pais -- American Scientist -- July/August 1982
FF1683	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “Mental Animation: Inferring Motion from StaticDisplays of Mechanical Systems” --Hegarty -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 18:5 -- 1992
FF1684	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article --“Mental Models of Mechanical Systems: Individual Differences in Qualitative Reasoning” -- Hegarty, Just, and Morrison -- Cognitive Psychology 20 -- 1988
FF1685	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “Situated Cognition in Diagrammatic Reasoning” -- Lewis and Toth -- AAAI Symposium Series -- 1992
FF1686	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Bibliography -- “CaMeRa: A Computational Model of Multiple Representations” -- Tabachneck-Schijf, Leonardo, and Simon -- 1996
FF1687	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Book Chapter -- “Alternative Representations of Instructional Material” -- Tabachneck and Simon -- Forms of Recognition -- Bibliography, -- Draft -- 1993, 1996
FF1688	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Book Chapter --“Imagery and Mental Models in Problem Solving” -- Diagrammatic Reasoning and Cognitive Perspectives -- AAAI Spring Symposium Series -- 1992, 1994-1995
FF1689	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Book Draft -- From Language To Mental Images -- Qin -- Chapters 3-6 -- Outline -- 1992-1993
FF1690	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Experiment -- Subjects’ Exercises (Einstein) --**Restricted Files**-- 1992
FF1691	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Grant Proposal -- “Tracking Mulitple Representations to Reduce Failure Rates in Calculus” -- Hayes, Tabachneck, Simon, and Walker -- 1993
FF1692	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery --Outline -- On Pictorial Thinking -- Tabachneck -- 1993
FF1693	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Paper --“Conceptual Limitations in Comprehending Line Graphs” -- Shah and Carpenter-- N.D.
 
Box 24 - Continued
FF1694	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Transition Networks -- Printouts -- 1973
FF1695	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Paper -- “Integrating Inductive Neural Network Learning and Explanation-based Learning” -- Thrun and Mitchell -- 1993
FF1696	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Paper --“Qualitative Spatial Reasoning about Objects in Motion” -- “The Figure Understander” -- Integrating Text and Graphical Input to a Knowledge Base” -- Rajagopalan and Kuipers -- 1994
FF1697	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University  --Imagery -- Paper -- “Strengthening Words with Pictures: Analogical Reasoning with Multiple Representations” -- Tabachneck and Simon -- 1995
FF1698	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Imagery -- Paper -- “Verbal vs. Visual Reasoning” -- Tabachneck and Simon -- 1993
FF1699	Simon, Herbert A. -- Imagery -- Plan -- “Production Systems for Chapter 4” -- Qin -- Correspondence -- Protocols -- 1995-1996
FF1700	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Programming Instructions -- Imaging -- Einstein -- Qin -- 1992
FF1701	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Programming Instructions -- Imaging--Einstein -- Qin -- Correspondence -- 1994
FF1702	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Protocol -- Visual/Verbal Layout, Eon Expert Protocol-- 1993
FF1703	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Protocol -- “EPAM Graphs-Mathematica”-- N.D.
FF1704	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Protocol -- “From Language to Mental Images” -- Qin -- 1992
FF1705	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Reference Materials -- Article -- “Information Technology and Mathematics: Opening Representational Windows” -- Kaput -- Journal of Mathematical Behavior 5 -- 1986
FF1706	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Reference Materials -- Article --“Supporting Concrete Visual Thinking in Multiplicative Reasoning Difficulties and Opportunities” -- Kaput -- Focus on Learning Problems in Mathematics -- 1989
FF1707	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Reference Materials -- Article --“When the Problem is not the Question and the Solution is not the Answer: Mathematical Knowing and Teaching” -- Lampert -- American Educaitonal Research Journal -- 1990
FF1708	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Reference Material -- Journal -- Memory and Cognition 20:5 -- 1992 
FF1709	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery --Reference Material -- Report -- “Solving a Non-Routine Mathematics Problem” -- Silver, et al. -- May 1992
FF1710	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Reports -- “Summary of Research and Teaching” -- “Specific Aims” -- Behrmann-- N.D.
FF1711	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- International Committee -- 1985-1986
 
Box 24 - Continued
FF1712	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- International Education Program -- 1990

Box 25
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1713	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Advisory Board Report -- Response --**Restricted Files** -- 2000
FF1714	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Committee on Social Science Research in Computing Committee (CSSR) -- Proposal -- 1984
FF1715	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence --Mehrabian -- 1990-1996
FF1716	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Modern Languages, College of Humanitites  and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Advisory Board Report --**Restricted Files** -- November 4-5, 1996
FF1717	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Modern Languages, College of Humanitites  and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Language Committee -- “Issues and Alternatives at Carnegie Mellon -- 1987-1988
FF1718	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Modern Languages, College of Humanitites  and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Language Learning Lectures -- Syllabus -- Lectue Notes -- 1994-1996
FF1719	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Modern Languages, College of Humanitites  and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Program in Modern Languages -- 1990-1996
FF1720	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Philosophy, College of Humanitites  and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Correspondence -- 1974, 1985-1986, 1993-2000
FF1721	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Philosophy, College of Humanitites  and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Linguistics Reading Group -- Correspondence -- 1996
FF1722	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology, College of Humanitites  and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Advisory Board Reports --**Restricted Files** -- 1992-1993, 1995
FF1723	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology, College of Humanitites  and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Annual Faculty Review -- Simon -- 1988-2000
FF1724	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology, College of Humanitites  and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Artificial Intelligence and Psychology Project -- 1986-1989 
FF1725	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology, College of Humanities and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Artificial Intelligence and Psychology Project -- 1989 -- 1991
FF1726	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology, College of Humanitites and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Carnegie Symposium on Cognition -- 1972-2000
 
Box 25 - Continued
FF1727	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology, College of Humanities and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Faculty Retreat -- 1984-1995
FF1728	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology, College of Humanities and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Graduate Catalog -- 1993, 1996
FF1729	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology, College of Humanities and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Memorandum -- Correspondence -- 1978-1999
FF1730	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology, College of Humanities and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Prospective Graduate Students --**Restricted Files** -- 1972-1990
FF1731	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology, College of Humanities and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Post-Doctoral Canditates -- **Restricted Files** -- 1975-1984
FF1732	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology, College of Humanities (H&SS) -- Training Grant Proposal -- 1996-1997
FF1733	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Social and Decision Sciences, College of Humanities and Social Sciences (H&SS) -- Correspondence --**Restricted Files**-- 1994-1995
FF1734	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Funding for Centennial Celebration -- Scaife -- Memorandum -- 1995
FF1735	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Janssen Group Collaboration -- Correspondence -- 1990
FF1736	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memory Organization -- Article -- “A Perceptual Coding Language for Visual and Auditory Patterns” -- Leeuwenberg -- American Journal of Psychology 84:3 -- 1971
FF1737	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memory Organizaiton -- Article --“Trace Resistance and the Decay of Long-Term Memory” -- Wickelgren -- Journal of Mathematical Psychology 9:4 -- 1972
FF1738	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memory Organization -- Paper -- “The Simulatin of Human Memory” -- Frijda -- March 1970
FF1739	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memory Organization -- Report -- “Hierarchial Organization in Free Recall” -- Rourke -- October 1971
FF1740	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Consortium on Violence Research (NCOVR) -- Minutes -- Brochures -- Correspondence -- 1996-1997
FF1741	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notebook -- 1991
FF1742	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notebook -- DOSOEL-Records -- 1983
FF1743	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notebook -- Lecture Notes-- N.D.
FF1744	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Physics Advisory Board -- Correspondence -- 1996
FF1745	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Planning Task Force -- Correspondence -- 1996
FF1746	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- President’s Office -- Correspondence -- 1997-2000
 
Box 25 - Continued
FF1747	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Provost -- Academic Affairs -- 1982-1997
FF1748	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Public Relations -- 1954-2000
FF1749	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reports -- “Economics at CMU” -- “Social Science Research at CMU” -- 1992, 1999
FF1750	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Safety -- 1997
FF1751	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Sciences -- 10th Anniversary Symposium -- Correspondence -- Flyer -- 1975
FF1752	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- Artificial Intelligence -- 1994
FF1753	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- Courses -- 1983, 1991-1995
FF1754	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- Dean’s Office -- Self Assessment Report --**Restricted Files**-- 1996-1998
FF1755	Simon Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- Faculty --**Restricted Files** -- 1972-1995
FF1756	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- Faculty Recommendations --**Restricted Files** -- 1975-1997
FF1757	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- Human-Comupter Interaction -- 1992-1999
FF1758	Simon Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- Memoranda -- Report --“The Future of Computer Systems Research and Education” -- 1992-1999
FF1759	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- Public Relations -- Perlis Professorship -- 1990, 1992
FF1760	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- Public Relations -- Correspondence  -- 1995
FF1761	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Speaking Engagements -- Agenda -- 1971-1974
FF1762	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Strategic Planning Committee -- Correspondence -- Notes -- August-October 1997
FF1763	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Strategic Planning Committee -- Correspondence -- Planes -- 1997-1998
FF1764	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Strategic Planning Model -- Report -- 1992
FF1765	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- The Student Union (Newspaper) -- Correspondence -- 1990-1991
FF1766	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- The Tartan (Newspaper)-- Correspondence -- Articles -- 1970-1976, 1980, 1991
FF1767	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Tuition Committee -- Correspondence -- 1991
FF1768	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- University Libraries Advisory Board Report -- Correspondence -- 1994
FF1769	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- University Planning -- Correspondence -- 1991-1992
 
Box 25 - Continued
FF1770	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- University Professorship Nominations --**Restricted Files** -- 1983, 1986, 1989, 1991-1992

Box 26
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1771	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Article -- “Discrimination Altruisms” -- Hardin -- Zygon 17:2 -- 1982
FF1772	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Article -- “Evolution and the Demand for Children” --Turke--Population and Development Review 15:1 -- 1989 
FF1773	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Article --‘An Evolutionary Mechanism for the Origin of Moral Norms” -- Fialkowski -- Human Evolution -- 1990
FF1774	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Article -- “Exaptation - Missing Term in the Science of Form” -- Gould -- Paleobiology 8:1 -- 1982
FF1775	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Article -- “Genetic Similarity, Human Altruism, and Group Selection” -- Rushton -- Behavioral and Brain Sciences 12 --1989
FF1776	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Article -- “Honour and Force in the Kuwait Conflict” -- Pryce-Jones -- IPA Review -- 1991
FF1777	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Article -- “A Mechanism for Social Selection and Successful Altruism” -- Simon -- Science 250 -- 1990
FF1778	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Article -- “Theories, Concepts, Mapping and Teaching” -- Lewis --The University Bookman 27:4 -- 1987
FF1779	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Article -- “What is Evolutionary Altruism?” Canadian Journal of Philosophy -- “What is Psychological Altruism?” -- Behaviorism -- Sober -- 1985, 1989-1991
FF1780	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Articles by Buss -- 1981-1982, 1990-1991
FF1781	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Articles by Markl -- 1982, 1985, 1987, 1991
FF1782	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Bibliography -- “On the Evolution of Cooperation” -- D’ambrosio and Axelrod -- 1994
FF1783	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Book Chapter -- “Sociobiology, Human Individuality, and Religion” -- Davis -- Storm over Biology -- 1986
FF1784	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Correspondence -- 1991
FF1785	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Correspondence -- Campbell -- Paper -- “A Naturalistic Theory of Archaic Moral Orders” -- Abstract -- 1991
FF1786	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Correspondence -- Crosby -- 1991
 
Box 26 - Continued
FF1787	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Correspondence -- Dabbs -- 1995
FF1788	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Correspondence -- Hammond -- Article -- “Female Choice Selects for a Viability-Based Male Trait in Pheasants” -- von Shantz, et al. -- 1991
FF1789	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Correspondence -- Horgan -- 1991
FF1790	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Correspondence -- Lederberg -- Article -- “The Second Century of Louis Pastuer” -- Molecular Biology and Infectious Diseases -- “Is Everybody Rotten to the Core” -- 1991
FF1791	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Correspondence -- Park -- Article -- “Why is Anyone Virtous?” -- Friedman -- Reason Papers -- 1991
FF1792	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Letter to the Editor -- Connolly -- Correspondence -- 1991
FF1793	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Letter to the Editor -- Goldberg -- 1991
FF1794	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Letter to the Editor -- More -- 1991
FF1795	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Letter to the Editor -- Tessman -- Gibson -- 1991
FF1796	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Letter to the Editor -- Whipple -- Shurcliff -- Martin -- 1991
FF1797	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Paper -- “Altruism, Nonprofits, and Economic Theory” -- Rose-Ackerman -- 1994-1995
FF1798	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Paper -- “A Biosocial Theory of Social Stratification Derived from the Concepts of Pro/Anti Sociality and r/k Selection” -- Ellis -- 1991
FF1799	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Paper -- “Cultural Mechanisms for Human Altruism” -- “An Evolutionary Theroy of Beneficient Norms” -- “ Cultural Relatedness Under Oblique and Horizontal Transmission Rules” -- 1991
FF1800	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Paper - “incorporating Group Selection into the Adaptationist Program” -- Wilson -- 1995
FF1801	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism --Paper -- “A Mechanism for Accelerating Social Selection and Sucessful Altruism” -- Hazy -- 1991
FF1802	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Paper -- “The Role of Evolved Predispositions in Cultural Evolutions” -- Punishment Allows the Evolution of Cooperation for Anything Else in Sizeable Groups -- 1991
FF1803	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Can Fitness Be Aggregated?” -- Cohen -- The American Naturalist 125:5 -- 1985
FF1804	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Altruism -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Caste and Division of Labour in Leaf-Cutter Ants” -- Wilson -- Behavioural Ecology and Sociobiology 7 -- 1980
 
Box 26 - Continued
FF1805	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Altruism -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Culture and Optimality” -- Steuer -- Theoretical Economics Workshop, London School of Economics -- 1989
FF1806	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Reference Material -- Article -- “In the Name of the Fatherland: An Analysis of Kin Term Usage in Patriotic Speech and Literature” -- Johnson -- International Political Science Review 8:2 -- 1987
FF1807	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Kin Selection, Socialization, and Patriotism” -- Johnson -- Politics and the Life Sciences 4:2 -- 1986
FF1808	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Patriotism: Is Kin Selection both Necessary and Sufficient?” -- Hinde -- Politics and the Life Sciences 8:1 -- 1989 
FF1809	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Personality and Reproductive Fitness” -- Eaves, Martin, Hewitt, and Neale -- Behavior Genetics 20:5 -- 1990
FF1810	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Reference Material -- Article -- “The Role of Kin Recognition Mechanisms in Patriotic Socialization: Further Reflections” -- Johnson -- Politics and the Life Sciences 8:1 -- 1989
FF1811	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Ultrasocial Darwinism” -- Bower -- Science News 148 -- 1995
FF1812	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Response -- Correspondence -- Science -- 1991
FF1813	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Anxiety -- Grant Pre-Proposal -- “Learning in Recurrent Networks” -- Servan-Schreiber, Cleermans -- Article -- 1988
FF1814	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Artificial Intelligence -- Article -- “Programming a Digital Computer to Learn” -- Oettinger -- Philosophical Magazine 43 -- 1952
FF1815	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Artificial Intelligence -- Paper -- “The Logic Theorist Revisited, or a Defences of the British Museum Algorithm” -- Siklossy and Rich-- N.D.
FF1816	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Artificial Intelligence -- Paper -- “Problem Solving and Decision Making by Computer: An Overview” -- Amarel -- 1969
FF1817	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Artificial Intelligence -- Paper -- “Social Consequences of A.I.’ -- Bell-- N.D.
FF1818	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behaviorial Economics -- Article -- “The Meaning of the Fitted Cobb-Douglas Function” -- Brown -- Quarterly Journal of Economics-- N.D.
FF1819	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Economics -- Article -- “Non-Linear Economic Dymanics: Introduction” -- GRANDmont and Malgrange -- Journal of Economic Theory 40 -- 1986
FF1820	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Economics -- Book Chapter -- “Economics and Psychology” -- Coats -- Psychological Economics -- Review of Rational Choice -- Coats -- 1987
 
Box 26 - Continued
FF1821	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Economics -- Book Chapter -- “Planning Systems in Large Organizations” -- Bromiley -- Ambiguity and Command -- 1986
FF1822	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Economics -- Dissertation Proposal -- “Price Distortion, Production and Alternative Pricing Policy” -- Luk -- 1986
FF1823	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Economics -- Paper --“A Behavioral Model of Organizational Risk Taking” -- Bromiley -- 1986
FF1824	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Economics -- Paper -- “Entry, Industry Growth and the Microdynamics of Industry Supply” -- Hause and Du Rietz -- 1983
FF1825	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Economics -- Paper -- ‘Forestalling the Demise of Empirical Economics: The Role of Microdata in Labor Economics Research” -- Stafford -- 1984
FF1826	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Economics -- Paper -- “Nonlinearity and Complex Dynamics in Economics and Finance” -- Brock -- 1987
FF1827	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Economics -- paper -- “The Research Program of the Behavioral Theory of the Firm” -- Winter -- 1985
FF1828	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Economics -- Paper -- “Value Additivity and Clientele Effects” -- Miller 1987
FF1829	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Economics -- Roster -- “Economics and Insitutions’ Workshop -- 1988
FF1830	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Article -- “Allocative Efficiencey of Markets with Zero-Intelligence Traders: Market as a Partial Substitute for Individual Rationality” -- Gode and Sunder -- Journal of Political Economy 101:1 -- 1993
FF1831	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Reality -- Article -- “Bounded Rationality” -- Jones -- Annual Review of Political Science -- 1999
FF1832	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Reality -- Article -- “Contested Exchange: Political Economy and Modern Economic Theroy” -- Bowles and Gintis -- AEA Papers and Proceedings 78:2 -- 1988
FF1833	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Article -- “Inductive Reasoning and Bounded Rationality” -- Arthur -- AEA Papers and Proceedings -- 1994
FF1834	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Article -- “Tournaments and Piece Rates: An Experimental Study” -- Bull, Schotter, and Weigelt -- Journal of Political Economy 75:1 -- 1987
FF1835	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Article -- “Why Bounded Rationality?” -- Cornlisk -- Journal of Economic Literature 34 -- 1996
FF1836	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Book Review -- Review of A Beautiful Mind by Sylvia Nasar -- Mirowski -- 1998
FF1837	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Booklet -- “Principia Weconomica: New and Old Foundations of Economic Analysis” -- Rugina -- International Journal of Social Economics -- 1986
 
Box 26 - Continued
FF1838	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Introduction -- “The New Institutional Economics: An Assessment -- Furubotn and Richter -- 1991
FF1839	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality  --  Paper -- “Attention and Preferences in Mass Politics” -- Jones -- 1993
FF1840	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Paper -- “A Behavioral Theory of Industrial Structure and Performance -- Lee -- 1985
FF1841	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality --Paper -- “Bounded Rationality Versus Utility Maximization: A Test in a Residential Energy Market” -- Friedman -- July 1990
FF1842	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Paper -- “Can Transaction-Cost, Competence-Bundle, and Process Theories of the Firm Sustain the Market/Firm Dichotomy Thesis?” -- Khalil -- 1994
FF1843	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Paper -- “A Change of Mind or a Change of Focus? Attention and Choice in Politics” -- Jones -- 1993
FF1844	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Paper -- “Complexity, Contract and the Employment Relatinship” -- “Complexity, Bounded Rationality, and Heuristic search” -- MacLeod -- 1996-1997
FF1845	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality  --  Paper -- “Indiscriminability in Evaluation: An Approximate Expected Utility Theory Resolution to Expected Utility Violations” -- Leland -- 1990 
FF1846	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality --Paper -- “Limited Rationality and Substitutability in Life Insurance Buying” -- Albaum -- 1970
FF1847	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Paper -- “Mutual Understanding, The State of Attention, and the Ground for Interaction in Economic Systems’ -- Berger -- 1993
FF1848	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Paper -- “When Optimization Isn’t Optimal: Aggregation and Informaiton Contagion” -- Lane and Vescovini -- 1995
FF1849	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Rubenstein -- Correspondence -- Book -- Lectures on Modeling Bounded Rationality -- Commentary -- Draft Chapter -- 1995-1997
FF1850	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Rubenstein -- Paper -- “Defineable Preferences: Another Example” -- 1999
FF1851	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Schwartz -- Correspondence -- 1997
FF1852	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Schwartz -- Book Draft -- “Rationality Gone Awry?: Decision Making Inconsistent with Economic and Financial Theory” -- September 1997
FF1853	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Floppy Disk -- More Papers -- List -- 1994, 1996-1997
FF1854	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Floppy Disk -- MT / Times-- N.D.
 
Box 26 - Continued
FF1855	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Floppy Disk -- Multiple Boards / Mirror Images-- N.D.
FF1856	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten -- Article -- “The Chain Store Paradox “-- N.D.
FF1857	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten -- Article -- “Experimentelle Wirschaftsforchung” -- Rheinisch-Westfalischen Akademie Der Wissenschaften -- 1979
FF1858	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten -- Article -- “Lernrichtunstheories” -- Lecture Ehrenpromotion Universitat Breslau -- N.D. 
FF1859	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten with Stoecher -- Article -- “End Behavior in Sequences of Finite Prisoner’s Dilemma Supergames” -- Journal of Economic Behavior and Organizations 7 -- 1986
FF1860	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten with van Damme and Weibull -- Article -- “Equilibrium in Strategic Interaction: The Contribuions of John C. Harsanyi, John F. Nash and Reinhard Selton” -- Scandanavian Journal of Economics 97 -- 1995
FF1861	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten -- “Interview with Elisabeth and Reinhard Selten” -- Understanding Strategic Interaction -- 1995
FF1862	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten -- Les Prix Nobel (Nobel Lecture) -- “Multistage Game Models and Delay Supergames” -- 1994
FF1863	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten -- Paper -- “Anticipatory Learning in Two-Person Games”-- N.D.
FF1864	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten -- Paper -- “Aspiration Adaptation Theory” -- 1996
FF1865	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten -- Paper -- “Axiomatic Characterisation of the Quadratic Scoring Rule” -- 1995
FF1866	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten -- Paper -- “Descriptive Approaches to Cooperation” -- 1994
FF1867	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten -- Paper -- “Equity and Coalition Bargaining in Experimental 3-Person Games” -- 1985
FF1868	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Paper -- “In Search for a Better Understanding of Economic Behavior” -- 1993
FF1869	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten -- Paper -- “Wirschaftliche und Kulturelle Evolution “ -- 1992
FF1870	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten with Buchta -- Paper -- “Experimental Sealed Bid First Price Auctions with Directly Observed Bid Functions” -- 1994
FF1871	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten with Mitzkewitz and Uhlich -- Paper --- “Duopoly Strategies Programmed by Experienced Players” -- 1988
FF1872	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten and Ockenfels -- Paper -- “An Experimental Solidarity Game” -- 1995
 
Box 26 - Continued
FF1873	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten with Sadrieh and Abbink -- Paper -- “Money Does Not Induce Risk Neutral Behavior, But Binary Lotteries Do Even Worse” -- 1995
FF1874	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten with Sadrieh and Jacobsen -- Paper -- “Experimental Proof for Motivational Importance of Reciprocity” -- 1996
FF1875	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten with Sadrieh and Jacobsen -- Paper -- “Group Discussion Transcripts of a Video Taped Group Decision Experiment on a Simple Investment Game” -- 1996
FF1876	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Selten -- Program -- Doctoral Promotion -- 1996
FF1877	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Williamson -- Bibliography -- “Empirical Research in Transaction Cast Economics” -- Shelanski -- 1990-1991
FF1878	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bounded Rationality -- Williamson -- Paper -- “Human Actors and Economic Organization” -- 1998

Box 27
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1879	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bridge -- Notes -- N.D. 
FF1880	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Catalysis -- Notes -- N.D. 
FF1881	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Catalysis -- Dissertation Thesis -- “Machine Discovery of Chemical Reaction Pathways” -- Valez-Perez -- December 1990
FF1882	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Article -- “An Analysis of Causality” -- Kron -- Essays on Explanaiton and Understnading -- 1976, 1996
FF1883	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Article -- “Causal Relations and Structual Models -- Juster -- 1970
FF1884	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Article -- “Counterfactual Probabilities: Computational Methods, Bounds and Applications” -- Balke and Pearl -- Proceedings of the 10th Conference on Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence -- 1996
FF1885	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Article -- “Decision-Theoretic Foundations for Causal Reasoning’ -- Heckerman and Shachter -- Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research 3 -- 1995
FF1886	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Article -- “On Representatives of Subsets” -- Hall -- Journal of the London Mathmatical Society -- 1935  
FF1887	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Article -- “Toward a Synthesis of Deterministic Formulations of Causal Relations by the Functional Relation Concept” -- Mulaik -- Philosophy of Science -- 1985
FF1888	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Bibliography -- Survey of Aggregation-Disaggregation -- Schweitzer-- N.D.
 
Box 27 - Continued
FF1889	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Correspondence -- Filippi -- 1993
FF1890	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Correspondence -- Fishwick -- N.D. 
FF1891	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Courtois with Semal -- Article -- “Bounds for the Positivve Eigenvectors of Nonegative Matrices and Their Approximations by Decompositon” -- Journal of the Association for Computing Machinary -- 1984
FF1892	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Courtois with Semal -- Article -- “bounds for Transient Characteristics of Large or Infinite Markov Chains” -- Proceedings of the International Conference -- 1990
FF1893	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Courtois with Semal -- Article -- “Computational Bounds for Conditional Steady State Probabilities in Large Markov Chains and Queueing Models” -- 1986
FF1894	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Courtois with Semal -- Article -- “On Plyhedra of Perron-Frobenius Eigenvectors” -- Linear Algebra and its Applications 65 -- 1985
FF1895	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- de Kleer -- Correspondence -- Hausman -- N.D. 
FF1896	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- de Kleer -- Notes -- Article -- “Effects of increased Productivity upon the Ratio of Urban to Rural Population -- Simon -- Econometrica -- 1984
FF1897	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- de Kleer -- Paper -- “Causal and Teleological Reasoning in Ciruit Recongnition” -- September 1979
FF1898	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Iwasaki -- Dissertation Thesis -- “Model Based Reasoning of Device Behavior with Casual Ordering” -- 1988
FF1899	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Iwasaki, et al -- Article -- “Causal Functional Representation Language with Behavior-Based Semantics” -- Applied Artificial Intelligence 9:5 -- 1995
FF1900	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Iwasaki, et al. -- Paper -- “Automated Model Selection for Simulation Based on Relevance Reasoning” -- February 19, 1996
FF1901	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Iwasaki, et al. -- Paper -- “Modeling Time in Hybrid Systems: How Fast is ‘Instantaneous’?” -- 1995
FF1902	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Iwasaki with Simon -- Article -- “Causality and Model Abstraction”  Artificial Intellignce 67 -- 1994
FF1903	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Iwasaki with Simon -- Paper -- “Causal Ordering, Comparative Statics, and Near Decomposability” -- 1987
FF1904	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Paper -- “Causal Modeling and Dichotomous Variables” -- Ellett and Ericson -- 1983
FF1905	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Paper -- “Causal Reconstruction” -- “Borchardt -- 1993
FF1906	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Paper -- “Causation” -- Simon -- N.D.

 
Box 27 - Continued
FF1907	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Paper -- “Causation and Experimentation’ -- Hausman -- 1983
FF1908	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Paper -- “Causality in Bayesian Belief Networks” -- Druzdzel and Simon-- N.D.
FF1909	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Paper -- Causality -- Paper -- Correlation, Partial Correlation, and Causation” -- Ellett and Ericson -- 1983
FF1910	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Paper -- “On the Notion of Cause, with Applications to Behaviorisms” -- Staddon-- N.D.
FF1911	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Paper -- “Probabilistic Extensions of the Traditional Forms of Path Analysis and Causal Modeling” -- Ellett and Ericson -- 1983
FF1912	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Paper -- “Structural Equation Models of Reciprocal Causality” -- Reichardt and Gollob -- 1983
FF1913	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Paper -- “Temporal Notation and Causal Terminology” -- Shoham and Dean-- N.D.
FF1914	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Report -- ‘Causal Diagrams for Empirical Research” -- Pearl -- February 1995
FF1915	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Report -- “Causation, Action , and Counterfactuals” -- Pearl -- March 1995
FF1916	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Report --“Computable Error Bounds for Aggregated Markov Chains” -- Stewart -- May 1980
FF1917	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Reference Material -- Journal -- Journal of Econometrics -- September-October 1988
FF1918	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos -- Article -- “The Body Chaotic’ -- Taubes -- Discover -- 1989
FF1919	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos -- Article -- “Competitive Chaos” -- Deneckere and Pelikan -- Journal of Economic Theory 40 -- 1986
FF1920	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos --Article -- “Distinguishing Random and Deterministic Systems: An Abridged Version” -- Brock -- Journal of Economic Theory 40:1 -- 1986
FF1921	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos -- Article -- “Finding Order in Chaos” -- Ford -- Touchstone - July 1987
FF1922	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos -- Article -- “On the Indeterminancy of Capital Accumulation Paths” -- Boldrin and Montrucchio -- Journal of Economic Theory 40 -- 1986
FF1923	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos -- Article -- “When Chaos Rules the Market” -- Gleick -- New York Times -- 1987
FF1924	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos -- International Symposiumon Dynamical Systems and Evolutionary Economics -- Correspondencce -- Paper -- “Where is the Bridge Between the Two Cultures?” -- 1989
FF1925	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos -- Paper -- “Discovering Quarks and other Hidden Objects” -- Fischer and Zytkow-- N.D.
FF1926	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos -- Paper -- “Ergodicity of Random Walks on the Goup of Affine Maps” -- Berger and Soner -- “Products of Random Affine Maps” -- Berger and Amit -- 1986-1987
 
Box 27 - Continued
FF1927	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos -- Paper -- “Is the Business Cycle characterized by Deterministic Chaos” -- Brock and Sayers -- December 1987
FF1928	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos -- Paper -- “The Statistical Properties of Dimension Calculations Using Small Data Sets” -- Ramsey, Sayers, and Rothman -- 1988
FF1929	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos -- Paper -- “A Test for Independence Based on the Correlation Dimension” -- Brock, Dechert, and Scheinkman -- 1987
FF1930	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chaos -- Report -- National Science Foundation -- “Report of the Research Briefing Panel on Order, Chaos, and Patterns” -- 1987
FF1931	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Article -- “Computer vs. Man: The Chess Challenge” -- Berliner -- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette -- February 10, 1996
FF1932	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Article -- “A Game of Visual Organization for the Game of GO” -- Zobrist -- Spring Joint Computer Conference -- 1969
FF1933	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Article -- “Information Content of Chess Positions” -- Nievergelt -- Sigart -- 1977, 1988
FF1934	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Article -- “Informatin-Processing Analysis of Perceptual Processes in Problem Solving” -- Simon and Barenfeld -- Psychological Review -- 1969
FF1935	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Article -- “Probe School Pact in IBM Case” -- Eisman -- June 16, 1975
FF1936	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Article -- “The Psychology of Chess” -- Watson -- New Scientist -- July 1972
FF1937	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Article -- In Russian Soviet Psychology -- 1967
FF1938	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Article -- “Some Studies in Machine Learning Using the Game of Checkers” -- Samuel --IBM Journal -- July 1959
FF1939	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Article -- “Uber das Denken des Schachspielers” -- de Groot -- Rivista Di Psicologia -- 1956
FF1940	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Articles -- “Feedback: Deeper Blues” -- Schwartzman -- “The Machine is no Chess King Yet” -- Alburt -- “Computer Will Never Surpass the Best Human Chess Players” -- Chess Life -- July 1997
FF1941	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Articles -- Newspaper Clippings on Computer Chess -- 1989
FF1942	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Computer Printout -- Chess Pattern Perception -- 1971
FF1943	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Correspondence -- Computer Chess Matches -- David Levy, Gary Kasparov -- 1989
FF1944	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Paper -- Co-routines and Parallel Computation -- Dennis -- 1971
 
Box 27 - Continued
FF1945	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Notes -- “Helsinki: Final Discussion” -- June 1990
FF1946	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Notes -- “Notes and Comments on Problem Generator” -- 1975
FF1947	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Paper -- “Calibration in an Expert Domain: How Young Chess Players Predicts their Performance on and off the Chess Board” -- Horgan 1990
FF1948	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Paper -- “The Chess Board World” -- Sloan -- 1974
FF1949	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Paper -- “Chess: Contributions to the Understanding of Human Cognition” -- Goldin -- Article -- 1978
FF1950	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Paper -- ‘Chess Searching Techniques and their Application to Speech and other A.I. Systems” -- Lowerre -- 1974
FF1951	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Paper -- “Computers, Chess, and Cognition’ -- Marsland and Schaffer -- 1990
FF1952	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess - Paper -- “An Example of Human Chess Play in the Light of Chess Playing Programs’ -- Newell and Simon -- 1964
FF1953	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Paper -- “Expertise and Hierarchical Knowledge Representation in Chess” -- Freyhoff, Gruber, and Ziegler -- 1990
FF1954	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Paper -- “The Impact of Chess Research on Cognitive Science” -- Charness -- 1990
FF1955	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Paper -- “Memory for Chess Positios: The Effects of Interference and Input modality” -- Charness -- 1974 
FF1956	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Paper -- “Theories of Chess Skill” -- Holding -- N.D.
FF1957	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Protocols in English -- 1938-1943
FF1958	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Protocols in German -- N.D.
FF1959	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Chess with Computers’ -- Michie -- Interdisciplinary Science Reviews 5:3 -- 1980
FF1960	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Chess Expertise in Children” -- Horgan and Morgan -- Applied Cognitive Psychology 4 -- 1990
FF1961	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Reference Material -Article -- “Cognitive Reorganization and the Development of Chess Expertise” -- Horgan, Millis, and Neimeyer -- International Journal of Personal Construct Psychology 2:15 -- 1989
FF1962	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Reference Material -- Article -- “the Evaluation of Chess Positions” -- Holding -- Simulation and Games 10:2 -- 1979
 
Box 27 - Continued
FF1963	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Reference Material - Article -- “Mathematics, Music and Chess” -- Golombek -- Interdisciplinary Science Reviews 10:2 -- 1980
FF1964	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Reference Material -- Article -- “The Population Frequencies of Species and the Estimation of Population Parameters” -- Good -- Biometrica -- 1953
FF1965	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Saariluoma -- Article -- “Chess Player’s Recall of Auditoriy Presented Chess Positions” -- European Journal of Cognitive Psychology -- 1989
FF1966	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Saariluoma -- Article -- “Visuospatial and Articulatory Interference in Chess Players’ Information Intake” -- Applied Cognitive Psychology 4 -- 1990 
FF1967	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Saariluoma with sajaniemi -- Article -- ‘Visual Information Chunking in Spreadsheet Calculation’ -- International Journal of Man-Machine Studies- 1989
FF1968	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Saariluoma -- Book Chapter -- “Chess Players’ Search for Task Relevant Cues: Are Chunks Relevant?” -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF1969	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Saariluoma -- Paper -- “Chess Players’ Intake of Task Relevant Cues” -- N.D.
FF1970	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Saariluoma -- Paper -- “Chunking, Absolute Location Coding, and Point Associativity in Chess Players’ Recall of Chess Postions”-- N.D.
FF1971	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Saariluoma -- Paper -- “Chunking in Chess Players’ Early Learning: First Observaitons About a Computational Model” -- N.D. 
FF1972	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Saariluoma -- Programming Instructions -- Point Associative Memory in Chess -- N.D.
FF1973	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Tikhomirov -- Article (in Russian) -- 1966
FF1974	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Tikhomirov with Poznyaskaya -- Article -- “An Investigation of Visual Search as a Technique for the Analysis of Heuristics” -- Veprosi Psichologii -- 1966
FF1975	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Tikhomirov -- Chart -- Tikhomirov Position -- 1967
FF1976	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Tikhomirov -- Paper -- “Experimental Analysis of Heuristics” -- 28th International Psychological Congress Symposium -- N.D.
FF1977	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Tikhomirov -- Paper -- “Studies of Cognitive Activities on the basis of Chess” -- N.D. 
FF1978	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Connectionism -- Report -- “Connectionist Learning Procedures” -- Hinton -- June 1987
FF1979	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Dissertation -- “Herbert Simon, Organization Man, Volume 1” -- Crowther-Heyck -- July 1999
 
Box 27 - Continued
FF1980	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Dissertation -- “Herbert Simon, Organization Man, Volume 1” -- Crowther-Heyck -- July 1999
FF1981	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Dissertation -- “Herbert Simon, Organization Man, Volume 2” -- Crowther-Heyck -- July 1999

Box 28
Carnegie Mellon University

FF1982	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Dissertation -- “Herbert Simon, Organization Man, Volume 2” -- Crowther-Heyck -- July 1999
FF1983	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Dissertation -- “Herbert Simon, Organization Man, Volume 2’ -- Crowther-Heyck- Correspondence -- 1997, 1999-2000
FF1984	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Dissertation -- “Herbert Simon, Organizaiton Man, Volume 2” -- Crowther-Heyck -- Reference Material -- 1999
FF1985	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Experts -- Article -- “Will a Large Complex System Be Stable?” -- May -- Nature 238 -- 1972
FF1986	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Experts -- Article --“Diagnostic Reasoning and Medical Expertise’ -- Patel, Arocha , Kaufman -- The Psychology of Learning and Motivation 31 -- 1994
FF1987	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Experts -- Introductin -- “Prospects nad Limits of the Empirical Study of Expertise: An Introduction” -- Ericsson and Smith -- Toward a General Thero of Expertise -- 1991
FF1988	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Experts -- Paper -- “The Acquisition of Expert Performance: An Introduction to Some of the Performances” -- Ericsson -- Draft -- 1995
FF1989	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Experts -- Paper -- “The Cognitive Psychology of Expertise” -- Hoffman, et al. -- Draft -- N.D.
FF1990	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Experts -- Paper -- “Innate Talents: Reality or Myth” -- Howe, Davidson, and Sloboda -- 1997
FF1991	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Experts -- Paper -- “The Rage to Master: The Decisive Role of Talent in the Visual Arts” -- Winner -- January 1995
FF1992	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Experts -- Paper --“The Role of Practice and Motivation in the Acquisition of Expert Reel Performance in Real Life” -- Ericsson, Tesch-Romer, Krampe -- 1990
FF1993	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Experts -- Paper -- “Steering through the Murky Waters of a Scientific Conflict: Situated and Symbolic Models of Clinical Cognition” -- Ericsson, Tesch-Romer, Krampe -- N.D.
FF1994	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Experts -- Report -- “The Role of Deliberate Practice in the Acquisition of Expert Performance” -- Ericsson, Krampe and Tesch-Romer -- 1991
FF1995	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “Analyse Statisque de la Croissance Des Enterprises Selon L’age et la Taille” -- Fiziane -- Revue D’Economie Politique -- 1968
 
Box 28 - Continued
FF1996	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “The Analysis of Business Concentration: A Statistical Approach” -- Hart and Prais -- Journal of the Royal Statistical Society 119 -- 1956
FF1997	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “Comment” -- Rapaport -- Behavioral Science 2:2 -- 1957
FF1998	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “The Distribution of Wealth after a Model of Wold and Whittle” -- Review of Economic Studies -- N.D. 
FF1999	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “The Economic Implications of Learning by Doing” -- Arrow -- Review of Economic Studies -- 1962
FF2000	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “Effects of Merers and Acquisitions on Business Firm Concentration” -- Ijiri and Simon -- Journal of Political Economy 79:2 -- 1971
FF2001	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “Growth and Quality of the Mathematical Literature” -- ISIS 59:4 -- “Quaantitative Growth of the Mathematical Literature” -- Science -- May 1968
FF2002	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “Household and Economy: Toward a New Theory of Population and Economic Growth” -- Nerlove -- Journal of Political Economy 82:2 -- 1974
FF2003	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “The Implications of Friedman’s Permanent Income Hypothesis for Demand Analysis” -- Nerlove -- Agricultural Economics Research 10:1 -- 1958
FF2004	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “An Inequality Relation Between Yule’s Characteristic K and Shannon’s Entropy H” -- Herdan -- Journal of Applied Mathematics and Physics 9:1 -- 1958
FF2005	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “Informationstheoretisce Analyse als Werkzeug der Sprachforschung” -- Herdan -- Die Naturwissenschaften -- 1954
FF2006	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “Intercity Telephone and Airline Traffic Related to Distance and the ‘Propensity to Interact’” -- Hammer and Ikle -- Sociometry 30:4 -- 1957
FF2007	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “The Management Patterns of Growing Medium size Firms in Japan” -- Ito -- Osaka City Univ. Business Review 107 -- 1970
FF2008	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “A New Derivation and Interpretation of Yule’s ‘Characteristic’K” -- Herden  Journal of Applied Mathematics and Physics 6:4 -- 1955
FF2009	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “On Measuring Business Concentration” -- Hart -- Bulletin of the Oxford University Institute of Statistics 19:3 -- 1957
FF2010	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “Rational Expectations and Bayesian Analysis” -- Cyert and DeGroot -- Journal of Political Economy 82:3 -- 1974
 
Box 28 - Continued
FF2011	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “The Relation between the Dictionary Distribution and the Ocurrence Distribution of Word Length and Its Importance for the Study of Quantitative Linguistics” -- Herden -- Biometrica 45 -- 1958
FF2012	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Article -- “The Sizes of Trade Unions: A Study in the Laws of Aggregaton” -- Hart and Phelps-Brown -- The Economic Journal -- 1957
FF2013	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Book -- Size Distributions of Firms -- Engwall -- 1970
FF2014	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Book -- International Big Business 1957-1967 -- Rowtorn and Hymer -- 1971
FF2015	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Correspondence -- Nerlove -- April 1985
FF2016	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Notes on Business Firm Size -- N.D.
FF2017	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Paper -- “Analysis of Business Size Distributions” -- Rosenbluth -- 1962
FF2018	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Frim Sizes -- Paper -- “Distributions of Scientific Productivity: An Application of the Law of Nonproportionate Effect” -- Sato -- 1971
FF2019	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Paper -- “Economic Growth and Population: Perspectives of the ‘New Home Economics’” -- Nerlove -- 1974
FF2020	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Paper -- “Growth and Inequality in the Distribution of Wealth”  - Sato -- 1971
FF2021	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Paper -- “On the Possible Sources of Instability in the Rank Size Rule, S=R-qm: Some Simple Tests of Gibrat’s Law” -- Vining- 1973
FF2022	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Paper -- “Output, Income and Rank in Hierarchial Firms” -- Rosen 1981
FF2023	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Paper -- “A Simulation Model of the Growth of the Firm” -- Kieser -- 1969
FF2024	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Paper -- “Siz, Growth, and the Pareto Curve” -- Sato -- 1970
FF2025	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Proceedings -- “Growth by Means of Mergerts and Acquisitions” -- Takamiya -- 14th CIOS International Management Conference -- 1967
FF2026	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Reference List -- N.D. 
FF2027	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Frim Sizes -- Report -- “Size Changes among Business Firms” -- Engwall -- July 1968
FF2028	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Report -- “Results of the 1974 NACUBO Comparative Performance Study and Investment Questionnaire” -- 1974
 
Box 28 - Continued
FF2029	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Review by Nerlove -- “New Commodities nad Consumer Behavior” -- Ironmonger -- “Consumer Demand: A New Approach” -- Jevons -- 1975
FF2030	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Firm Sizes -- Table of Contents -- “Studies in Company Growth” -- Engwall -- Chapter Summaries -- 1973
FF2031	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Article -- “Pavlov and the Prisoner’s Dilemma” -- Kraines and Kraines -- Theory and Decision 26 -- 1989
FF2032	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Book Chapter -- “Game Theory and Experimental Economics: beginnings and Erly Influences” -- Vernon -- Toward a History Of Game Theory -- 1992
FF2033	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Book Chapter -- “The Icosian Game and the Tower of Hanoi” - D’Andrade -- Probability Paradoxes -- N.D. 
FF2034	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Hawthorne Studies -- Article -- “Hawthorne Experiments: First Statistical Interpretation” -- Franke and Kaul -- American Sociological Review 43:5 -- 1978
FF2035	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Hawthorne Studies -- Article “Technological Revolution and Productivity Decline: Computer Introduction in the Financial Industry” -- Franke -- Technological Forecasting and Social Change 31 -- 1987
FF2036	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Hawthorne Studies -- Article -- “Worker Productivity at Hawthrone” -- Franke- American Sociological Review 45 -- 1980
FF2037	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Hawthorne Studies -- Paper -- “The Hawthorne Experiments: Empirical Findings and Inplicaitons for Management” -- Franke -- 1987
FF2038	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Hawthorne Studies -- Paper -- “Illumination and Productivity and Hawthorne” -- Franke and Urian -- 1991
FF2039	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Hawthorne Studies -- Resume -- 1992
FF2040	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Paper -- “Changes in Representation which Deserve Strategies in Games” -- Banerji and Ernst -- 1971
FF2041	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Paper -- “A Computer Program to Play GOMOKU” -- Ehret -- Computer Printout -- 1974
FF2042	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Paper -- “Memory for Meaning in Chess” -- Goldin -- 1976
FF2043	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Report -- “The Design and Improvement of Heuristics for an Insurance Management Game” -- Bourke -- 1974
FF2044	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Game Playing -- Report -- ‘Subject S202 on Mem Solitaire: A First Analysis” -- Young -- November 1969
FF2045	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Abstract -- “Illusions and Figural Reversal without Lines” -- Hochberg -- Psychonomics -- 1963
 
Box 28 - Continued
FF2046	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Abstract -- “Pictorial Recognition in the Infant Monkey” -- Zimmerman and Hochberg -- Psychonomics -- 1963
FF2047	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “An Application of the Mnemonic Keyword Method to the Acquisition of a Russian Vocabulary” -- Atkinson and Raugh -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 104:2 -- 1975
FF2048	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “A Causal Calculus” -- Good -- The British Journal for the Philosophy of Science 11:44 -- 1961
FF2049	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “the Cognitive Structure of a Social Structure” -- De Soto and Bosley -- Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology 64:4 -- 1962
FF2050	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “A Developmental Study of the Discrimination of Letter Like Forms” -- Gibson, et al. -- Journal of Comparative Physiological Psychology -- 1962
FF2051	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “Effects of the Gestalt Revolution: The Cornell Symposium on Perception” -- Hochberg -- Psychological Review 64:2 -- 1957
FF2052	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “How Does a System Know When to Stop Inferencing” -- Rosenschein -- Journal of the Association for Computational Linguistics -- 1975
FF2053	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “Introspectionist and Behaviorist Interpretations of Ratio Scales of perceptual Magnitudes” -- Savage -- “Operations of Words?” -- Stevens -- Psychological Monographs General and Applied 627 -- 1966
FF2054	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “Perception: Toward the Recovery of a Definition” -- Hochberg -- Psychological Review 63:6 -- 1956
FF2055	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “Pictorial Recognition as an Unlearned Ability: A Study of One Child’s Performance” -- Hochberg and Brooks -- The American Journal of Psychology 75 -- 1962
FF2056	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “The Predilection for Single orderings” -- De Soto -- Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology 62:1 -- 1961
FF2057	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “The Psychophysics of Form: Reversible Perspective Drawings of Spatial Objects” -- Hochberg and Brooks -- The American Journal of Psychology 73 -- 1960
FF2058	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “The Psychophusics of Pictorial Perception” -- Hochberg -- Audio Visual Communication Review 46:5 -1953
FF2059	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “A Quantitative Approach to Figural ‘Goodness’” -- Hochberg and McAllister -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 46:5 -- 1953
 
Box 28 - Continued
FF2060	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “The Role of Grapheme-Phoneme Correspondence in the Perception of Words” -- Gibson, et al. -- The American Journal of Psychology 75 -- 1962
FF2061	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “Schemas and Kinship” -- Wunderlich, Youniss, De Soto -- Psychological Reports 11-- 1962
FF2062	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “A Study of the Development Grapheme-Phoneme Correspondences” -- Gibson, Osser, and Pick -- Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior 2:2 -- 1963
FF2063	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “Subjective Probabilities of Interpersonal Relationships” -- De Soto and Kuethe -- The Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology 59:2 -- 1959
FF2064	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “Temporal Aspects of Digit and Letter Inequality of Judgements” -- Parkman -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 91:2 -- 1971
FF2065	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Article -- “Temporal Aspects of Simple Addition and Comparison’ -- Parkman and Groen -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 89:2 -- 1971
FF2066	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Book Chapter -- “What is Visual Imagery? An Information Processing Interpretation” -- Simon -- Cognition in Learning in Memory -- 1972
FF2067	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Book Chapter -- “Development of Perception: Discrimination of Depth Compared with Discrimination of Graphic Symbols” -- Gibson -- Basic Cognitive Process -- 1963
FF2068	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- “Concluding Comment: on Mental Imagery” -- “Diagrams in Economics” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF2069	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Data -- N.D.
FF2070	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Notes -- N.D. 
FF2071	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Paper -- “An Analysis of Critical Features of Letters, Tested by a Confusion Matrix” -- Gibson and Osser -- N.D.
FF2072	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Paper -- “The Conceptual Description of Physical Activities” -- Badler -- 1975
FF2073	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Paper -- “Imagery-Based Problem Solving (from Language to Mental Images to Equations)” -- Qin and Simon -- Programming Instructions -- 1999
FF2074	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Paper --“Developmental Trends in Visual Scanning” -- Day -- N.D.
FF2075	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Paper -- “Edges as Fundemental Components of the Visual Field” -- Hochberg and Brooks -- 1962
FF2076	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Papre -- “High-Order Stimuli and Inter-Response Coupling in the Perception of the Visual World” -- Hochberg -- 1974
FF2077	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Paper -- “The Integration of Successive Cinematic Views of Simple Scences” -- Hochberg and Brooks -- 1974
 
Box 28 - Continued
FF2078	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Paper -- “Perceptual Compairsons through the Mind’s Eye” -- Paivio -- 1975
FF2079	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Paper -- “The Two Faces of Perception” -- Platt -- 1966
FF2080	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Paper- “Visual and Verbal Responses to Pictorial Stimuli” -- Mackworth and MoRANDi -- 1966 
FF2081	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Program -- “A Day of the Computer Arts” -- National Computer Conference and Exposition -- 1973
FF2082	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Report -- ‘Heuristics in Perceptual Processes” -- De Groot and Jongman -- 1966
FF2083	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Report -- “Machine Perception of Three Dimensional Solids” -- Roberts -- 1963
FF2084	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Report -- “Perceptual Recognition as a Function of Meaningfulness of Stimulus Material” -- Reicher -- 1968
FF2085	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Table of Contents -- “Perception and Memory in Chess” -- N.D.
FF2086	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Thesis -- “La Transformation de l’image Mentale” -- Racine -- Introduction through Chapter 2 -- 1971
FF2087	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Imagery -- Thesis -- “La Transformation de l’image Mentale” -- Racine -- Chapter 3 through Appendices -- 1971
Box 29
Carnegie Mellon University

FF2088	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Article -- “Application of a Trace Model to the Retention of Informaiton in a Recognition Task” -- Shepard -- Psychometrica 26:2- 1961
FF2089	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Article --“Differentiation and Abstraction in Concept Formaiton” -- Gardner and Schoen -- Psychological Monographs, General and Applied 76:41 -- 1962
FF2090	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Article --“Effects upon Verbal Learning of Stimulus Similarity, Number of Stimuli per Response and Concept Formation” -- Smith, Jones, and Thomas -- Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior 1:6 -- 1963
FF2091	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Article -- “The Magical Number Seven, Plus or Minus Two: Some Limits on Our Capacity for Processing Information” -- Miller -- The Psychological Review 63:2 -- 1956
FF2092	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Article -- “Number of Items Presented and Recalled as Determinants of Short-Term Recall” -- Selzer and Wickelgrren -- Nature 200:4912 -- 1963
FF2093	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Article --“Psyco-Logic: A Possible Alternative to Piaget’s Formulaiton” -- McLaughlin -- Publication Unknown -- 1962
 
Box 29 - Continued
FF2094	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Article --“Recall as a Search Process” -- Yntema and Trask -- Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior 2:1 -- 1963
FF2095	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Article --“Retention of Information under Conditions Approaching a Steady State” -- Shephard and Teghtsoonian -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 62:3 -- 1961
FF2096	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Article --‘Role of generalization in Stimulus Response Compatibility’ -- Shepard -- Perceptual and Motor Skills 13 --1961
FF2097	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Notes -- N.D. 
FF2098	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Notes -- N.D.
FF2099	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Notes -- 1964
FF2100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Paper -- “Acoustic Similarity and Retroactive Interference in Short Term Memory” -- Wickelgren -- 1964
FF2101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Paper -- “Effects of Presentation Rate and Signal-To-Noise Ratio on Immediate Recall” -- Aaronson and Sternberg -- 1964
FF2102	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University - Immediate Processor -- Paper -- “Retrieval from Recent Memroy” -- Sternberg -- August 1963
FF2103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Paper -- “Short-Term Memory for Repeated and Non-Repeated Items” -- Wickelgren -- 1962
FF2104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Paper -- “Simple Storage Models for Immediate Memory” -- Bower -- 1963
FF2105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Paper -- “Size of Rehearsal Group and Short-Term Memory’ -- Wickelgren -- Problems of Problem Solving -- c. 1964
FF2106	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Report 1 -- Further Examination of the Learning of Test Items -- Neimark -- 1963
FF2107	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Report 2 -- Further Examination of Response Changes over Repeated Test Trials -- Neimark -- 1963
FF2108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Immediate Processor -- Report -- “Temporal Aspects of Simple Multiplicaiton and Comparison” -- Parkman -- 1972
FF2109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Intuition -- Bibliography -- N.D.
FF2110	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Intuition -- Book Chapter - “The Role of Intuition (from Commentary on Chapter V, The Psychology of Administrative Decisions)” -- Administrative Behavior 4th ed -- 1997
FF2111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Japan -- Krafcik Papers -- “The Impact of Industrial Relations on Productivity” -- Katz, Kochan, and Keefe -- 1988
 
Box 29 - Continued
FF2112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Japan -- Krafcik Papers -- “Relative Competitveness of Foreign Subsidiary Operations of a Multinational Company 1962-1977” -- Grufman -- 1982
FF2113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Japan -- Krafcik Papers -- “Trends in International Automative Assembly Practice” -- Krafcik -- 1987
FF2114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Japan -- Krafcik Papers -- Reference Material -- Book Excerpt -- International Collabrative Ventures -- N.D.
FF2115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Learning -- Article -- “Chandler Wobble, Earthquakes, Rotation, and Geometric Changes” -- Press and Briggs -- Nature 256:5515 -- 1975
FF2116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Learning -- Article -- “Cognitive Tutors Lessons Learned” -- Anderson, Corbett, Koedinger, and Pelletier -- Journal of Learning Sciences 4:2 -- 1995
FF2117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Learning -- Correspondence -- Notes on Generators for Problems or Experiments -- 1984
FF2118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Learning -- Paper -- “The Computer’s Effort after Meaning: Word Problem Solving as a Process of Test Comprehension and Mathematization -- Reusser -- 1987
FF2119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Article -- “Lacunae and Research Approaches to Them. I.” -- Teuber -- Brain Mechanisms Underlying Speech and Language -- 1967
FF2120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Article -- “Linguistic Processes in Deductive Reasoning” -- Clark -- Psychological Review76:4 -- 1969
FF2121	Simon, Herbert, A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Article -- “Memory for Semantic Features in the Verb” -- Clark and Stafford -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 80:2 -- 1969
FF2122	Simon, Herbert, A -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Article -- “Relationship of Language to the Thinking Process” -- Vernon -- Archives of General Psychiatry 16 -- 1967
FF2123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Article -- “Semantics in the Perception of Verticality” -- Chase and Clark -- British Journal of Psychology 62:3 -- 1971         
FF2124	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Article -- “The Semiotic Status of Commands” -- Bohnert -- Philosophy of Science 12:4 -- 1945
FF2125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Bibliography -- “Psycholinguistics Bibliography” -- Perfetti -- 1971
FF2126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Book Chapter -- “Meaningfulness nad Concepts; Concepts and Meaningfulness -- Jenkins -- 1964
FF2127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Book Chapter -- “Natural Language Learning by Computer” -- Siklossy -- Representation and Meaning: Experiments with Information Processing Systems -- 1972
FF2128	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Book Chapter -- “vocabulary Size Estimated from the Distribution of Word Frequencies” -- Howes -- Progress in Learning Disabilities 2 -- 1971
 
Box 29 - Continued
FF2129	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Paper -- “Dynamic Simulaiton of Historical Change in Language Using Monte Carlo Techniques” -- Klein -- 1964
FF2130	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Papr- “An Information Processing approach to some Problems in Developmental Sociolinguistics” -- Freedle and Hall -- 1973
FF2131	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Paper -- “A Language Learning Heuristic Program” -- Siklossy -- 1970
FF2132	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics- Paper -- “Modeling Embodied Lexical Development” -- Bailey, Feldman, Narayanan, and Lakoff -- 1997
FF2133	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Paper -- “Talking the Talk is Like Walking the Walk” -- Narayanan -- 1997
FF2134	 Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Linguistics -- Paper -- “The Teachable Language Comprehender” -- Ross -- January 1969 
FF2135	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Management Science -- Appendix to Master’s Thesis: Some New Models of Human Decision Making, “Dispatcher Model and Repair Man System Simulation” -- Ilfeld -- 1967
FF2136	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Management Science -- Article -- “Periodic Extensive Measurement” -- Luce -- Compositio Mathematica 23:2 -- 1971
FF2137	 Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Management Science -- Paper- “Accounting Times Series as Evidence of University Strategy and Structure” -- Wilcox -- 1971
FF2138	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Management Science -- Paper -- “Tabular Form as a Language for the Planner” --MacDonald and Boyce -1971
FF2139	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Management Science -- Report -- “Semantics of Context-Free Fragments of Natural Languages” -- Suppes -- 1971
FF2140	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Math Models -- Article -- “Error Analysis in Nearly-Completely Decomposable Stochastic Systems” -- Courtois -- Econometrica 43:4 -- July 1975
FF2141	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Math Models -- Article  - “Simon Out of Homans by Coleman” -- White -- American Journal of Sociology 75:5 -- 1970
FF2142	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Math Learning Theory -- Paper -- “Concept Identification Models’ -- Wickens -- N.D.
FF2143	 Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Math Learning Theory -- Paper -- “Introspective Reasoning Using Meta-Explanations for Multistrategy Learning” -- Ram and Cox -- 1992
FF2144	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “The Use of Explicit Goals for Knowledge to Guide Inference and Learning” -- Rame and Hunter -- 1992
FF2145	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Math Learning Theory -- Paper -- “A Theory of Questions and Question Asking” -- Ram -- 1991
FF2146	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University - Math Learning Theory -- Report -- “Feature Discovery by Competitive Learning’- Rumelhart and Zipser -- 1984
FF2147	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Architecture and Aesthetics: The Construction and the Objectives of Elektronikus Muzaik” -- Keane -- ICMC ’85 Proceedings -- 1985
 
Box 29 - Continued
FF2148	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Computer Models for Speech and Music Appreciation” -- Denes and Mathews -- Fall Joint Computer Conference -- 1968
FF2149	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Computer Music in Canada (1975)” -- Truax -- Numus West 2:2 -- 1975
FF2150	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Computer Prints” -- Palyka -- Cybernetic Serendipity -- 1968
FF2151	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Considering Human Memory in Designing User Interfaces for Computer Music” -- Laske -- Computer Music Journal 2:4 -- 1977
FF2152	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Contemporary Music Computation and Music Theory as Contemporary Intellectual History” -- Bobbit -- Perspectives in Musicology -- N.D.
FF2153	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Contour, Interval, and Pitch Recognition in Memory for Melodies” -- Dowling and Fujitani -- The Journal of the Acoustical Society of America 49:2 -- 1971
FF2154	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Generative Theories in Language and Music Descriptions’ -- Sundberg and Lindblom -- Cognition 1 -- 1976
FF2155	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Information as a Measure of Structure in Music” -- Coons ansd Kraehenbuehl -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF2156	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Letter to a Musical Friend” -- Longuet-Higgins -- The Music Review 23 -- 1962
FF2157	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music Article -- “On a Algorithmic Description of the Process Involved in the Composition of Music” -- Zaripov and Nauk -- Automation Express -- 1960
FF2158	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “On Finding Rhythmic Patterns in Musical Lines” -- Mont-Reynaud, Goldstein -- ICMC ’85 Proceedings -- 1985
FF2159	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Perceptual Space for Musical Structures” -- Miller and Carterette -- Journal of the Acoustical Society of America 58:3 -- 1975
FF2160	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Psychoacoustics and Music: A Report from Michigan State University” -- Wessel -- Circuit -- 1973
FF2161	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Reaction Time and Musical Expectancy: Priming of Chords” -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 12:4 -- 1986
FF2162	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Recogniton of Inversions of Melodies and Melodic Contours” -- Dowling -- Perception and Psychophysics 9 -- 1971
FF2163	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music - Article -- “The Retention Curve for Mastering Piano Technique for Simple Passages” -- Indow and Kuno -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
 
Box 29 - Continued
FF2164	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Second Letter to a Musical Friend” -- Lonuet-Higgins -- The Music Preview 23:4 -- 1962
FF2165	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Toward an Intelligent Editor of Digital Audio: Recongnition of Musical Constructs” -- Chafe, Mont-Reynaud and Rush -- Computer Music Journal 6:1 -- 1982
FF2166	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University - Music -- Article -- “Toward an Intelligent Editor of Digital Audio Signal Processing Mehods” -- Foster, Schloss, and Rockmore -- Computer Music Journal 6:1 -- 1982
FF2167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Understanding the Behavior of Users Of Interactive Computer Music Systems” -- Laske -- Interface 7 -- 1978
FF2168	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Article -- “Verification and Sociological Interpretation in Musicology” -- Laske -- IRASM 8:2 -- 1977
FF2169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Computer Printout -- “Computers and Music Bibliography’ -- “Bach” -- Koltun -- 1973
FF2170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Correspondence -- Mathews -- Computer Music Reprints and a Catalog of Computer Sounds -- Bell Telephone Laboratories -- January 1970
FF2171	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Correspondence -- Morton -- June 6, 1973
FF2172	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Lecture Notes -- “A Beginning Science of Art” -- “The Programmer as an Artist” -- Hertlein -- 1973
FF2173	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Lecture Notes -- “Lecture on Composition with Computers” -- Hiller -- N.D.
FF2174	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Memo #264 -- “Developing a Musical Ear: A New Experiment” -- Bamberger -- MIT Artificial Intelligence Lab -- 1974
FF2175	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Memo Logo #13 -- “What’s in a Tune” -- Bamberger -- MIT Artificial Intelligence Lab -- 1974
FF2176	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Notes- nd
FF2177	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Notes -- Koltun -- Documentation for Program TONE -- N.D.
FF2178	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “An Artificial Intellignece Approach to Tonal Music Theory” -- Meehan -- August 1978
FF2179	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “Circulatory in Judgements of Relative Pitch” -- Shepard -- 1963
FF2180	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “Computer Applications to Music at the Ohio State University” -- Hofstetter -- 1973
FF2181	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “A Generative Theroy of Swedish Nursery Tunes” -- Lindblom and Sundberg -- N.D.
FF2182	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “The Internal Representation of Pitch Sequence in Tonal Music” -- Deutsch and Feroe -- 1981
FF2183	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “An Introductiory Catalogue of Computer Synthesized Sounds, Using M.V, Mathews’ Music V Programs” -- Risset -- 1970
 
Box 29 - Continued
FF2184	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “MUSTRAN II -- A Foundation for Computational Musicology” -- Wenker -- N.D.
FF2185	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “An On-Line Algorithm for Real-Time Accompaniment” -- Dannenberg- 1985 
FF2186	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “On Some Developmental Problems of Auditory Imagery” -- Laske -- 1976
FF2187	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “A Production System for Composing Harmony” -- Yoder and Akscyn -- 1981
FF2188	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “Proving Musical Theorems I” The Middleground of Heinrich Schenker’s Theroy of Tonality” -- Kassler -- 1975
FF2189	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “The Psychological Representation of Musical Pitch in a Tonal Context” -- Krumhansl -- N.D.
FF2190	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “Rhytmic Groups and Subjective Chunks in Memory for Melodies’ -- Dowling -- N.D.
FF2191	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “Toward and Explicit Cognitive Theory of Musical Listening” -- Laske -- 1979
FF2192	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “Toward a Theory of Musical Cognition” -- Laske -- 1975
FF2193	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Paper -- “Vivace: A Rule Based AI System for Composition” -- Thomas -- 1975
FF2194	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Programming Instructions --OPS5 -- 1985
FF2195	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Proposal -- “Artistic Environmental Potential of Computers -- Earls -- N.D.
FF2196	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Proposal -- “A Descriptive Grammar for the music of Claude Debussy” -- Wenk -- 1980
FF2197	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Proposal -- “The Uses of Technology to Enhance Education” -- Bamberger -- 1973
FF2198	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Report -- “Introduction to a Generative Theory of Music” -- Laske -- 1973
FF2199	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Report -- “Schenker: A computer Aid for Analysing Tonal Music” -- Smoliar -- 1976
FF2200	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Report -- “Schenker’s Theory of Tonal Music -- It’s Explication Through Computational Processes’ -- Frankel, Rosenschein, and Smoliar -- 1976
FF2201	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Report -- “Short Report on Research Concerning a Performance Modle for Music’ -- Laske -- 1974
FF2202	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Review of “Music, theArts, and Ideas”  by Myer -- Music and Letters 49:3 -- 1968-1970
FF2203	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Sheet Music -- “Inizio Di Movimento” -- “Traumerei” -- Programming Instructions -- N.D.
FF2204	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Thesis Abstract -- “A Generalized Software System for Computer Artists -- Palyka -- June 1970
 
Box 29 - Continued
FF2205	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Music -- Thesis Proposal -- “Step Toward a Descriptive Grammar in the music of Claude Debussy” -- Wenk -- 1980
FF2206	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Article -- “Bifurcations and Dynamic Complexity in Simple Ecological Models” -- May and Oster -- The American Naturalist 110:974 -- 1976
FF2207	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Article -- “Connectance of Large Dynamic(Cyernetic) Systems: Criticla Values for Stability” -- Gardner and Ashby -- Nature 228 -- 1970
FF2208	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Article --“Evolutionary Mobile Modules in Proteins” -- Doolittle and Bork -- Scientific American -- 1993
FF2209	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Article --“Genetic Algorithms” -- Holland -- Scientific American -- 1992
FF2210	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Article -- “Genetic Algorithms: Principles of Natural Selection Applied to Computation” -- Forrest -- Science 261 -- 1993
FF2211	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Article -- “A Mathematical Framework for Studying Learning in Classifier Systems’ -- Holland --Physica 22D -- 1986
FF2212	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Article -- “A Note on the Evolutionary Theory of Software Development” -- Cohen -- British Journal of Philosophical Science 38 -- 1987
FF2213	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Article -- “Note” Some Conditions of Macroeconomic Stability” -- Hawkins and Simon -- Econometrica 17:3  -- 1949
FF2214	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Article -- “Mutations Affecting Segment Number and Polarity in Drosophila” -- Nusslein-Volhard and Wieschaus -- The Journal of NIH Research 6 -- 1994
FF2215	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Article -- “A State Aggregation Approach to Manufacturing Systems Having Machine States with Weak and Strong Interactions” -- Jiang and Sethi -- Operations Research 39:6 -- 1991
FF2216	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Article -- “Will a Large Complex System be Stable?” -- May -- Nature 238 -- 1972
FF2217	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Correspondence -- Holland -- 1995
FF2218	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Paper -- “The Instability of Markets” -- Hogg, Huberman and Youssefmir -- 1995
FF2219	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Paper -- “Interdependencies, Nearly-Decomposability and Adaptation” -- Frenken, Marengo, and Valente -- 1999






Box 30
Carnegie Mellon University

FF2220	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Manuscript -- Anderson, Reder, and Simon -- “Applicaitns and Misapplications of Cognitive Psychology to Mathematics Education” -- 1955
FF2221	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Manuscript -- Anderson, Reder and Simon -- “Rejoiner: Situative Versus Cognitive Perspectives” Form Versus Substance” -- Correspondence -- 1996
FF2222	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Manuscript -- Anderson, Reder, and Simon -- “Situated Learning nad Education” -- Educational Researcher 25:4 -- MeoRANDa -- 1995-1998
FF2223	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Manuscript -- Magnani and Simon -- “Experiments for Discovery” -- Correspondence -- 1997-2000
FF2224	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Manuscript -- Magnani and Simon -- Representation and Experiments in Faraday’s Discovery of Electromagnetic Induction” -- Correspondence -- 1997
FF2225	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Manuscript -- Zhu, Lee, Simon, Zhu -- “Congnitie Theory Underlying Curriculum Design for Learning from Examples and by Doig” -- Correspondence -- 1997
FF2226	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Manuscript -- Zhu, Simon, Zhu and Lee -- “Cognitive Theroy to Guide Curriculum Design for Learnig form Examples and by Doing” -- Correspondence -- 1999-2000
FF2227	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Paper -- “Asymptotic Optimality of Hierarchical Contols in Stochastic Manufacturing Systems” -- Sethi and Zhang -- 1993
FF2228	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Paper -- “Capacity and Produciton Decisions in Stochastic Manufacturing Systems” -- Sethi, Taksar and Zhang -- 1993
FF2229	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Paper -- “Near Decomposability and the Speed of Evolution” -- Simon -- 1999
FF2230	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Simon-Ando Problem -- Paper -- “Hierarchical capacity Expansion and Produciton Planning Decisions in Stochastic Manufacturing Systems” -- Sethi -- 1995
FF2231	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Near Decomposability -- Simon-Ando Problem -- Paper -- “Optimal Control of Dynamic Systems by Decomposition and Aggregation” -- Sethi and Zhange -- 1995
FF2232	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Object Oriented Design -- Article -- “Effects of Examples and their Explanations in a Lesson on Recursion: A Produciton System Analysis” -- Pirolli -- Cognition and Instruction 8:3 -- 1991
FF2233	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Object Oriented Design -- Paper -- “Training in Self-Explanation and Self-Regulation Strategies” -- Bielaczyc, Pirolli, and Brown - 2000
FF2234	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Object Oriented Design -- Paper -- “Learning Stategies and Transfer in the Domain of Programming” -- Pirolli and Recker -- 2000
 
Box 30 - Continued
FF2235	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “Aufgaben und Gestaltung Betrieblicher Informationssysteme” -- Muller -- Schriften Zur Unternehmensfuhrung -- 1970
FF2236	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “Budgeting and the Theory of the Firm: New Findings” -- Earley and Carleton -- The Journal of Industrial Economics -- 1962
FF2237	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “Characteristics of Japanese Management and its Recent Tendencies” -- Takamiya -- CIOSXV -1969
FF2238	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “The Choice of Organized Form” -- Mahoney -- Strategic Management Journal 13 -- 1992
FF2239	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “Computational Organization Theory: Autonomous Agents and Emergent Behavior” -- Prietula and Carley -- Journal of Organizational Computing 4:1 -- 1994
FF2240	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “Economics of Information Services” -- Marschak -- Economics of Information Systems- 1971
FF2241	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “Functional Divisions of Company Management” -- Granick -- Journal of Industrial Economics 10:2 -- 1962
FF2242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article --“The Future of Crystallography” -- CHIMIA 23 -- “The Structure of Structure: some Problems in Solid State Chemistry” -- Physics Bulletin -- 1968-1969
FF2243	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “The Life Cycle of Leadership and Managerial Thinking Process” -- Murayama -- Otemon Economic Studies -- 1975
FF2244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “Managers as Subjects in Business Decision Research” -- Fleming -- “Needed: Corporate Policies on Communications” -- Sigband -- “Retro Active Poolings in Corporate Mergers” -- 1970
FF2245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “A Model of the Behavior of Central Agencies and Enterprizes” -- Tardos -- Acta Oeconomica Academiae Scientiarum Hungarioae -- 1969
FF2246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “Morality and the Ideal of Rationality informal Organizations” -- The Monist 54:4 -- 1970
FF2247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “Note on a Social System Composed of Hierarchies with overlapping Personnel” -- Orbus Economicus -- 1969
FF2248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “On the Description and Comparison of Economic Systems” -- Comparative Economic Systems -- 1971
FF2249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “A Theory of the Effects of Advanced Informaiton Technologies on Organizational design, Intelligence, and Decision Making” -- Huber -- 1990
 
Box 30 - Continued
FF2250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Article -- “War and Peace: A Fantasy in Game Theroy” -- Zellner p “Organizaiton Size and Efficiency” -- Theil  Netherlands School of Economy -- 1962
FF2251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Book Chapter -- “The Contracts of Individuals and Organizations” -- Rousseau and Parks -- Research in Organizational Behavior 15 -- 1993
FF2252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Book Chapter -- “Issues of Level in Organizational Research” -- Rousseau -- Research in Organizational Behavior 7 -- 1985
FF2253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Book Chapter -- “Organizations” -- Cyert and MacCrimmon -- Environment and the Organization -- 1968
FF2254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Book Chapter -- “Testing a Strategy of Comparative Organization Research” -- Hesseling -- Management Research: A Cross-Cultural Perspective -1975
FF2255	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Conference Proceedings -- “Current Problems of the Organization of Government Departments” -- Speyer Academy of Administrative Sciences -- 1971
FF2256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Correspondence -- Obel -- Papers  “Creating an Expert System to Design Organizaations’ -- “Devising Expert Systems in Organization Theory” -- “Organizational Consultant: Learning by Doing” -- 1989-1990
FF2257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Excerpt -- “The Economici Man’s Logic” -- Marschak -- Induction, Growth and Trade, Essays in Hounour of Sir Roy Harrod -- 1970
FF2258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Introduction -- “The Structure and Behavior of Economic Organization” -- Article -- “Basic Issues in Organizations” -- Ban-Ner, Brada, Neuberger -- 1993
FF2259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Newspaper Clipping -- ‘Workers Told not ot Water Borough Plants” -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- 1991
FF2260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Accounting for the Man/Inforamtion Interface in Management Information Systems” -- Moskowitz and Mason -- 1972
FF2261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “The Barnard-Simon Contribution: A Vanished Legacy” -- Mitchell and Scott -- 1991
FF2262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “The Concept of Organizational Goal” -- Mohr -- 1969
FF2263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Conservatism in Informaiton Processing in Management Information Systems” -- Mason and Moskowitz -- 1970
FF2264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “The ‘Contingency Theory of Organization: A Methodological Analysis” -- Christenson -- 1973
FF2265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Cross Cultural Organization Studies: Obstacles and Opportunities” -- Hessling -- Review -- 1973
 
Box 30 - Continued
FF2266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Defense Budgeting: Constraints and Organizational Adaptation” -- Crecine -- N.D.
FF2267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Economy of Storage, Confusability, and Contradiction in Hierarchically Organized Semantic Memory” -- Donnell -- 1975
FF2268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Environment and the Organization Structure of Firms” -- Khandwalla -- N.D.
FF2269	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “An Experimental Investigation of Decision Making in a Simulated Research and Development Environment” -- Moskowitz -- 1971
FF2270	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “A Garbage Can Model of Organizational Choice” -- Cohen, March, and Olsen -- N.D.
FF2271	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Hierarchical Restructuring” -- Platt -- 1970
FF2272	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “The Impact of Hierarchy and Group Structure of Information Processing in Decision Making” -- Ford -- 1973
FF2273	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Implications of Changes in Information Proocessing and Communications Technology for the Governing Function” -- Brunner and Crecine -- N.D.
FF2274	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Information Systems for Organizations of the Future” -- Starbuck -- 1973
FF2275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Institutional Structure and the Logic of Ongoing Collective Action” -- Bendor an Mookherjee -- 1986
FF2276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “The Internal Organization of Complex Teams: Bounded Rationality and the Logic of Hierarchies” -- Camacho and Persky -- 1985
FF2277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “The Interaction of Group Size and Task Structure in an Industrial Organization” -- Cummins and King -- 1971
FF2278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Lexicographic Orders, Utilites and Decision Rules” -- Fushburn - 970
FF2279	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “A Methodology for the Design and Optimaizaiton of Information Processing Systems” -- Nunamaker -- 1971
FF2280	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Monitoring Cooperative Agreements Between Principals and Agents” -- Radner -- 1979
FF2281	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Monitoring Cooperative Agreements in a Repeated Principal-Agent Relationship” -- Radner -- 1981
FF2282	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Multi-Level Decomposition for the Optimization of Complex State Systems” -- Simon (Jerome) -- N.D.
 
Box 30 - Continued
FF2283	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “New Product Search and Preliminary Evaluation” -- Pessemier -- 1963
FF2284	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Organizational Structure and Technology: A Computer Model Approach” -- Gerwin and Christoffel -- 1973
FF2285	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Organizational Technology and Organizational Structure” -- Mohr -- 1970
FF2286	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Planning in Decentralized Organizations: A Generalized Goal Decomposition Model” -- Ruefli -- 1968
FF2287	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Producing, Storing, Transporting, and Using Knowledge” -- Marschak -- 1970
FF2288	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “R+D Managers Choices of Development Policies in Simulated R++D Environments” -- Moskowitz -- 1971
FF2289	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Satisficing, Selection and the Innovatin Remnant”- Winter -- 1970
FF2290	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “Technology and Organization” -- Ames, et al. -- 1970
FF2291	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Organization Theory -- Paper -- “The Technology of Foolishness” -- March -- 1971

Box 31
Carnegie Mellon University

FF2292	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Article -- “The Ability of Elementary-School Children to learn the New Mathematics” -- Suppes -- Theory into Practice -- 1964
FF2293	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Article -- “Arithmetic with Frames” -- Page -- The Arithemtic Teacher -- 1957
FF2294	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Article -- “Do Something About Estimaiton” -- Page -- Updating Mathematics -- 1960
FF2295	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Article -- “Human Acquisition of Concepts for Sequential Patterns” -- Simon and Kotovsky -- Psychological Review 70:6 -- 1963
FF2296	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Article -- “The Keller Plan in Science Teaching” -- kulik, Kulik, and Carmichael -- Science 183 -- 1974
FF2297	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Article -- “Language and Thought” -- Olson -- Psychology Review 77:4 -- 1970
FF2298	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Article -- “New Directions for Theory and Research on Rule Learning”- Scandura -- ACTA Psychologica 29 -- 1969
FF2299	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Article -- “Number Lines for the Orbiting Atomic Teacher” -- Page -- Grade Teacher Magazine -- 1962
 
Box 31 - Continued
FF2300	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Article -- “On the Design of the Thermodynamics Stem in an Engineering Curriculum’ -- Tribus -- Educational Development Program, UCLA -- 1968
FF2301	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Article -- “Teaching Creativity in Mathematics” -- Hohn -- Arithmetic Teacher -- 1961
FF2302	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Article -- “Well-Adjusted Trapezoids” -- Page -- Updating Mthematics -- 1962
FF2303	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Book Chapter -- “Structural Text Features and the Control of Processes in Learning from Written Materials” -- Rothkopf -- Language Comprehension and the Acquisition of Knowledge -- 1972
FF2304	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Book Excerpt -- The Teaching of Mathematics -- N.D.
FF2305	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy - Report -- “Behavior Analysis in Curriculum Design” -- Resnick, Wang, and Kaplan -- University of Pittsburgh -- 1970
FF2306	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Report -- “Variability in the Proof Behavior of College Students in a CAI Course in Logic as a Function of a Problem Characteristics” -- Kane -- Stanford -- 1972
FF2307	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Study Guide -- “Focus on Behavior” Television Series -- 1961
FF2308	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Pedagogy -- Summary -- Sample of First Grade Math Problems -- University of Illinois Arithmetic Project -- Information Guide -- 1961-1962
FF2309	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Article -- “The Axiomatization of Classical Mechanics” -- Simon -- Philosophy of Science 21:4 -- 1954
FF2310	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Article -- ‘The Axioms of Newtonian Mechanics” -- Simon -- The Philosphical Magazine 38 -- 1979
FF2311	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Article -- “Dispositional Statements” -- Burks -- Philosophy of Science 22:3 -- 1955
FF2312	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Article -- “Wages and Interest: A Modern Dissection of Marxian Economic Models” -- Samuelson -- The American Economic Review 47:6 -- 1957
FF2313	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Correspondence -- Gilfilan -- 1972
FF2314	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Correspondence -- Hufbauer -- “Chronology, The Discovery of Neptune” -- Article -- Astronomers Take Up the Stellar-Energy Problem, 1917-1920” -1990
FF2315	Simon, Herbert A.  - Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy -- Correspondence -- Jeroslow -- 1973
FF2316	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Paper -- “Double Terms and Primitive in Axiom Systems” -- Simon -- 1956
 
Box 31 - Continued
FF2317	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Paper -- “The Extraordinary Pre-History of the Law of Refraction” -- Chalmers -- N.D.
FF2318	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Paper -- “Free Recal of Redundant Strings of Letters” -- Miller -- 1957
FF2319	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Paper -- Dardan and Rada -- “Hypothesis Fromations Via Interrelations” -- Darden and Rada -- 1986
FF2320	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Paper -- “An Information Processing Approach to Theory Formation in Biomedical Research” -- Pople and Werner -- University of Pittsburgh -- 1970
FF2321	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Paper -- “The Limitations of Single-Exit Models” Reply to Machlup” -- Lastis -- 1974
FF2322	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Paper -- “A Machine-Oriented Look at Induction and Confirmation” -- Williamson -- 1968
FF2323	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Paper --“The Mental Representatio of Oblique Orientation” -- Olson and Hildyard -- 1974
FF2324	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Paper --“On the Algorithmic Generation of Hypothesis” -- Morgan -- 1973
FF2325	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Paper -- “Some Historical Notes on the study of Action” -- Lazersfeld -- 1957
FF2326	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Paper -- “The Use of External Memory in Science: A Case Study of Michael Farady” -- Tweney -- 1989
FF2327	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Paper -- “Where are the Logic of Discovery” -- Kugel - 973
FF2328	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Philosophy of Science -- Report -- “The Metanovel: Writing Stories by Computer’ -- Meehan -- 1976
FF2329	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Appendices- nd
FF2330	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Concept Formation” -- Kendler -- Annual Review of Psychology 12 -- 1961
FF2331	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Implicit Learning in Problem Solving” -- Reber and Kotovsky -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 126:2 -- 1997
FF2332	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Information Processing Variables in Learning to Solve Provlems” -- Mayer -- Review of educational Research 45:4 -- 1975
FF2333	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Knowledge and Choice of Strategy in a Colmplex Learning Task” -- Lindahl -- Scandinavian Journal of Psychology 14 -- 1973
FF2334	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Problem Topology and the Solution Process” -- Hayes -- Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior 4:5 -- 1965
 
Box 31 - Continued
FF2335	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Processing Constraints and Problem Difficulty” -- Kotovky and Kushmerick -- Publication Unknown -- 1990
FF2336	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “The Relationship of Problem-Solving Styles to the Factor Composition of Tests” -- French -- Educational and Psychological Measurement 25:1 -- 1965
FF2337	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Stimulated Annealing and the Generation of the Objective Funciton’ -- Cagan and Kotovsky -- Computational Intelligence 13:4 -- 1997
FF2338	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Strategies in Concept Identification: Stochastic Model and Computer Simulation” -- Indow and Suzuki -- Japanese Psychological Research -- 1972
FF2339	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Sufficient Conditions for the Success of GPS” -- Ernst -- Journal of the Association for Computing Machinery 16:4 -- 1969
FF2340	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Toward a Model fo Human Game Playing” -- Eisenstadt and Kareev -- Psychologiy and Artificial Intelligence -- N.D.
FF2341	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- article -- “Understanding of Structured Problem solutions” -- Bree -- Instructional Science 3 -- 1975
FF2342	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Using the State Space to Record the Behavioural Effects of symmetry in the Tower of Hanoi Problem and an Isomorph” -- Luger and Steen -- International Journal of Man-Made Studies 14 -- 1981
FF2343	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Artilce -- “Utterances to Evaluate Steps and Control Attention Distinguish Operant from Respondenct Thought while Thinking Out Loud” -- Klinger -- Bulletin of the Psychonomic Society 4:1 -- 1974
FF2344	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “What Makes some Problems Really Hard: Explorations in the Problem Space of Difficulty’ -- Kotovsky and Simon -- Cognitive Psychology 22 -- 1990
FF2345	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Bibliography -- ‘Concept Learning References” -- 1966
FF2346	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Bibliography -- “Instruction in Problem Solving” -- 1982
FF2347	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Book Chapter -- “Individual Differences in the Solving of Social Science Problems” -- Voss, Tyler, and Yengo -- Individual Differences in Cognition -- 1983
FF2348	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Book Chapter -- “Mental Calculation” -- Hunter -- Information Processing Models -- 1966
FF2349	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Book Chapter -- “Problem Loving and Cognitive Skill Acquisition’ -- VanLehn -- Domains -- N.D.
FF2350	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Book Chapter -- “The Problem Solving Process” -- Author Unknown -- N.D. 
 
Box 31 - Continued                                   
FF2351	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Book Chapter -- “Process of Understanding in Problem Solving’ -- Greeno -- Publication Unknown -- 1976 
FF2352	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Book Chapter -- “A Psychological Study of Lightening Calculation” -- Author Unknown -- Recent Developemnts in Psychology -- N.D.
FF2353	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Conference Proceedings -- “Strolling Down the Garden Path: Detection and Recovery from Error in Expert Problem Solving” -- Johnson and Thompson -- 1981
FF2354	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Correspondence  - Hastie -- Article -- “Transfer of Syntactic Structure in Synthethic Languages” -- Reber -- Journal of Experimental Psychology -- 81:1 -- 1969, 1973
FF2355	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Correspondence -- Hyman -- Study -- Paper -- “Incubation: The Pause that Refreshes?” -- Olton -- 1973, 1982
FF2356	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving --f Creativity and Problem Solving -- Bibliography -- Article -- “Applied Creativity: The Creative Studies Project” -- Parnes and Noller -- Journal of Creative Behavior -- 1947
FF2357	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Dissertation Proposal -- “Generality of Heuristics as an Instructional Variable” -- Wilson -- 1964
FF2358	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Encyclopedia Article -- “Problem Solving” -- Encyclopedia of Linuistics, Information, and Control -- 1969
FF2359	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Graphs -- N.D.
FF2360	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Consulting -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “A Controlled Psychological Study of Computer Program Debugging” -- Gould and Drongowski -- 1972
FF2361	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “A-Design” An agent-Based approach to Conceptual Design in a Dynamic Environment” -- Campbell, Cagan, and Kotovski -- 1999
FF2362	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “An Information Processing Model of Some Seriation Tasks” -- Baylor, et al. -- 1972
FF2363	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “An Information Processing Theory of Aspects of the Development of Weight Seriation in Children” -- Baylor and Gascon -- 1973
FF2364	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Papr -- “Modele Cybernetique d’Une Seriatin de Poids Ches Les Enfants” -- Gascon -- 1969
FF2365	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Motivations to Remit” -- Lucas and Stark -- 1984
FF2366	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “The Origin of Problem Solving Methods” -- Eishout and Frijda -- N.D.
FF2367	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Program and Protocol Analysis on a Mental Imagery Task” -- Baylor -- 1971
 
Box 31 - Continued
FF2368	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “A Re-analysis of Duncker on Problem-Solving” -- Goodnow -- 1965
FF2369	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “The Simulation of Human Information Retrieval” -- Frijda and Meertens -- 1967
FF2370	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Strategy Transformatin Models in Problem-Solving Tasks” -- Anzai -- 1977
FF2371	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “The Tangram and the Human Information Processing System” -- Ballay -- 1969
FF2372	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Theory of Rule Induction: Knowledge Acquired in Concept Learning, Serial Pattern Learning, and Problem Solving” -- Egan and Greeno -- 1973
FF2373	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Two Theorems on Experimental Logics” -- Jeroslow -- 1971
FF2374	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “A Viewpoint on the Problem of Representation in Problem Solving” -- Newell -- 1967
FF2375	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Visual Information Processing Problem Solving Situations” -- Ballay -- 1969
FF2376	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Reed -- Articles -- 1987
FF2377	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Reed- Paper -- “Estimating Answers to Algebra Word Problems” -- Article -- 1983
FF2378	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Reed with Dempster -- Paper -- “The Usefulness of Analogous Solutions for Soving Algebra Word Problems” -- Article -- N.D.
FF2379	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Reed with Ernst, and Banerji -- Paper -- “the Role of Analogy in Transfer Between Similar Problem States” -- N.D.
FF2380	Simon, Herbert A.  - Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “An Analysis of the Structural Variables that Determine Problem-Solving Difficulty on a Computer Based Teletype” -- 1970
FF2381	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “CAI in Problem Soving: The Word Problem Program” -- Laudato Roman -- 1973
FF2382	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “Concept Learning and Problem Solving- A Bibliography, 1950-1964” -- Klausmeire, et al. -- 1965 
FF2383	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “Extensions to Methods for Learning Problem Solving Strategies” -- Ernst -- 1984
FF2384	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “Instruction in Problem Solving and an Analysis of Structural Variables that Contribute to Problme Solving Difficulty” -- Jerman -- November 12, 1971
FF2385	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “On the Use of Historical Information by Non-Conservative Children” -- Hayes -- N.D.
FF2386	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “Problem Soving Skills in the Social Sciences: Methodological Considerations” -- Penner and Voss -- 1983
 
Box 31 - Continued
FF2387	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “The Structue of Memory and the Process of Solving Problems” -- Greeno -- 1972
FF2388	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “Thinking Out Loud as a Mehod for Studying” -- Olson, Duffy and Mack -- 1983
FF2389	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “Three Experiments on Funcitonal Fixedness” -- Ray -- 1964

Box 32
Carnegie Mellon University

FF2390	Simon, Herbert, A - Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Activite Oculo-Motrice et Activites Cognitives” -- Vurpillot -- Bulletin De Psychologie 22 -- 1968-1969
FF2391	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Anaylsis of Time Required by Children for Simple Additions” -- Svenson -- ACTA Psychologica 39 -- 1975
FF2392	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “The Case for Introspection” -- Shanon -- Congniton and Brain Theory 7:2 -- 1984
FF2393	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- Four Related Articles by Ray -  1965-1966
FF2394	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “An Information-Processing Modle of Dunckers’s Candle Problem” -- Weisberg and Suls -- Cognitive Psychology 4 -- 1973
FF2395	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “intelligence / Creativity Distinction” -- Wallach -- General Learning Press- 1971
FF2396	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “The Primacy of Generalities in Hypothetical Reasoning” -- Revlis and Hayes -- Cognitive Psychology 3:2 -- 1972
FF2397	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Article -- “Problem Solving Skill in the Social Sciences” -- Voss,  et al. -- The Psychology of Learning and Motivation 17 -- N.D.
FF2398	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Bibliography -- “Reasoning and Language: An Annotated Bibliography” -- Revlis -- CMU- 1970
FF2399	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Analysis of Children’s Verbal Reports about Strategies for Sovin Siple Additions’ -- Svenson, et al. -- N.D.
FF2400	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Cognitive Load During Problem Solving: Effects on Learning” -- Sweller -- N.D.
FF2401	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “How to Make IT Easier for Students to Deal with Thermodynamics of Flow Process” -- Gilmartin -- 1975
FF2402	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Overt and Covert Verbalization In Problem Solving” -- Wilder and Harvey -- October 1971
 
Box 32 - Continued
FF2403	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “A Process Model for Water Jug Problems” -- Atwood and Polson -- 1975
FF2404	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “A Production System Modle of Rule Induciton Process in Tower --of-Hanoi Puzzle” -- Anzai -- 1976
FF2405	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “The Representation of Linearr Order and Spatial Strategies in Reasoning: A Developmental Study” -- Trabasso, Riley and Wilson -- N.D.
FF2406	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Skilled Perception in Go: Deducing Memory Structures from Response Times” -- Reitman -- 1975
FF2407	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Systemtheoretische Ansatze zur Theories des Problemlosens” -- Ueckert -- Summary -- 1974
FF2408	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “A Task and Protocol Analysis of a Cheapest Route, Newtwork Problem” -- Bloom and Baumgardner -- N.D.
FF2409	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “Thinking about String Puzzles” -- Author Unknown -- N.D.
FF2410	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Printout -- “Linear Pattern Recognition” -- Williams -- 1968
FF2411	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Problem -- “Mattress Factory” -- Waterman -- 1973
FF2412	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Problems from Bashkar -- Notes -- Protocols -- Computer Printout -- 1975
FF2413	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Progress Report -- “A Model of Human Problem Solving Behavior” -- Williams -- Eye Camera Test Data -- 1968
FF2414	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Project Report -- “Arbeitsmaterialien Zum Interaktiven Problemosen mit Computerhilfe’ -- Bocker and Fiscehr -- 1979
FF2415	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Project Report -- “Lohhausen” -- Dorner, et al. -- 1981
FF2416	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Protocol Study -- “Explicit Statements of Eliminatin Processes” -- N.D.
FF2417	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Protocol Study -- “Problem 2” -- N.D.
FF2418	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Reference Letters -- Kotovsky Promotion - **Restricted Files** -- 1999
FF2419	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “An Analysis of behavior in the Hobbits-Orcs Problem” -- Thomas -- N.D.
FF2420	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Reprot -- “An analysis of Strategies for Solving Certain Substitution Problems” -- Malin -- N.D.
 
Box 32 - Continued
FF2421	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “Concept Formation by Kindergarden Children in a Card-Sorting Task” -- Suppes and Rosenthal-Hill -- 1967
FF2422	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “Learning Research and Develpoment Center” -- Greeno -- 1979-1980
FF2423	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “Mecho: Year One” -- Bundy, et al -- 1976
FF2424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “Problem Representation Research” -- Pearl -- December 1973
FF2425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Soving -- Reprot -- “Procedural Constraint and Task Performance” -- Roby and Goldberg -- 1964
FF2426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Report -- “A Protocol of a Search for a Solution to the Ising Enumeration Problem” -- Bruce -- 1973
FF2427	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Student Assignment -- “Acquisition and Use of a Predefined Problem Space” -- Lea -**Restricted Files** -- 1972
FF2428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Student Assignment -- “Task Representation and Protocol Analysis of a Classification Task’ -- Crosbie - **Restricted Files** -- 1972
FF2429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Table -- “Conceptual Rules Describing Binary Partitions of a Stumulus Population” -- Haygood and Bourne -- 1965
FF2430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Thesis -- “Computerized Protocol Analysis of the Behavior of Children in a Weight Seriation Task” -- Gascon -- 1976
FF2431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Thesis -- “L’implication Logique it Deux Erreurs D’inferences” -- Schetagne -- September 1970
FF2432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Thesis -- ‘Structure Perceptive D’une Tache de Seriation des Longueurs: Influence sur sa Reussite” -- Chapter 1 to 3 -- Lemoyne-Plourde -- September 1971
FF2433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Thesis -- “Structure Perceptive D’une Tache de Seriation des Longueurs: Influence sur sa Reussite” -- Chapter 4 to Appendices -- Lemoyne-Plourdep -- 1971
FF2434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocol Analysis -- Article -- “Concurrent Verbal reports in Text Comprehension: A Review” -- Ericsson -- TEXT 8:4 -- 1988
FF2435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocol Analysis -- Article -- “The Effect of Informaion Presentation structures on Audit Planning and Review Judgements” -- Contemporary Accounting Research 1:2 -- 1986-1987 
FF2436	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocol Analysis -- Article -- “Mental Cues and Verbal Reports in Learning” -- Bellezza -- The Psychology of Learning and Motivation 20 -- 1986
FF2437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocol Analysis Article- “The Reliability and Validity of Protocol Analysis” -- Smagorinsky -- Written Communication 6:4 -- 1989
 
Box 32 - Continued
FF2438	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocol Analysis -- Article -- “The validity of Verbal Protocols” -- Russo, Johnson and stephens -- Memory and Cognition 17:6 -- 1989
FF2439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocol Analysis -- Paper -- “Concurrent Verbal Protocol Validity and Simultaneous Traces of Process Data” -- Biggs, Rosman and Sergenian -- 1991
FF2440	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocol Analysis -- Reference Material -- Conference Proceedings -- Visual Search -- Committee on Vision National Research Council, NAS -- 1973
FF2441	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocol Anaylsis -- Reference Material -- Dissertation -- “The Analysis of Fault Diagnosis Tasks” -- Brinkman -- N.D.
FF2442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocol Analysis -- Student Assignment -- Bibliography -- Carlock -- 1994
FF2443	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocol Analysis -- Thesis -- “La Mehode des Protocols: son Application a L’etude du Processus Decisionnel du Consommateur” -- Duguest -- 1984
FF2444	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Puzzles -- Articles -- “Computer Recreations” -- Dewdney --Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF2445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Puzzles -- Book -- The Psychology of Efficiency -- Ruger -- Reprints -- Columbia University -- 1926
FF2446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Puzzles -- Paper -- ‘Puzzes, PROLOG and Logic” -- Jerardi -- N.D.
FF2447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Quantum Mechanics -- Reference Material -- Article -- “On the Constitution of Atoms and Molecules” -- Bohr -- The London, Edinburgh and Dublin Philosophical Magazines and Journal of Science -- 1913
FF2448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reading -- Resference Material -- article -- “Contribution a L’etude de la Differenciation Perceptive Chez L’enfant D’age Prescolaire” -- Vurpillot -- L’Annee Psychologique -- 1969
FF2449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reading -- Reference Material -- Article -- “The Development of Scanning Strategies and their Relation to Visual Differentation” -- Vurpillot -- Journal of Experimental Child Psychology 6 -- 1968
FF2450	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reading -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Lateral Eye Movement, Reading Speed, and Visual Attention” -- Bakan and Lance -- Psychon Science 15 -1969
FF2451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reading -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Mnemonic Organization as a Determinant of Error-Gradients in Visual Pattern Perception” -- Harcum -- Perceptual and Motor Skills -- 1966
FF2452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reading -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “The Effects of Readability of Context Passages on Subsequent Inspeciton Rates” -- Rothkopf and Coatney -- N.D.
FF2453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reading -- Reference Material -- Paper- “Semantic Memory: A Summary and Overview” -- Smith -- 1974
 
Box 32 - Continued
FF2454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reading -- Reference Material -- Proceedings -- “Acquisition of Reading Japanese Syllabic Characters in Pre-School Children in Japan” -- Muraishi -- International Congress of Psychology -- 1972
FF2455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reading -- Reference Material -- Review of “Effects of Pictures on Acquisition of Reading Responses, Comprehension and Attitudes about Reading” -- Bransford and McCarrell -- 1974
FF2456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reconstruction -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Restructuring Revisited” -- “Retrieval Processes in Reconstruction: answer to Keane” -- Ohlsson -- Scandinavian Journal of Psychology -- 1984-1985
FF2457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reconstruction -- Referecne Material -- Article -- “Towards a Logical Reconstruction of Revolutionary change” -- Heidelberger -- Studies in History and Philosophy of Science -- N.D.
FF2458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reconstruction -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Derivational Analogy: Theory of Reconstructive Problem Solving and Expertise Acquistion” -- Carbonell -- 1985
FF2459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Representation -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Kiagrams and text as Computer Input” -- Novak and Bulko -- Journal of Visual Languages and Computing -- 1993
FF2460	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Representation -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Representations of Models for expert Problem solving in Physics” -- Kook and Novak -- IEEE Transactions of Knowledge and Data Engineering 3:1 -- 1991
FF2461	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Representation -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Several Related Articles by Novak” -  1983, 1992-1995
FF2462	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Representation -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Toward a Model of Representation Changes” -- Korf -- Artificial Intelligence 14 -- 1980
FF2463	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Representation -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Understanding Natural Language with Diagnosis” -- Novak and Bulko -- Proc. Eight National Conference on A.I. -- August 1990
FF2464	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Representation -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Choosing and Translating between Problem Representations” -- Jones and Schkade -- 1993
FF2465	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Representation -- Reference Material -- Paper --“ Problems of Representation in Heuirsitic Problem Solving” -- “Expert Behavior and Problem Repressentations”- Amarel -- 1981-1982
 
Box 33
Carnegie Mellon University

FF2466	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University - Satisficing -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Cognitive Structure, Uncertainity and the Rationality of Political Action” -- Lehner -- European Journal of Political Research 3 -- 1975
FF2467	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University - Satisficing -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Conceptual Structure Information Search and Information Utilization” -- Streufert, Suedfeld and driver -- Journal of Personality and Social Psychology 2:5 -- 1965
FF2468	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University - Satisficing -- Reference Material -- Article -- “The Cuban Missile Crisis: A Study of Its Strategic Context” -- Kahan and Long -- Political Science Quarterly 87:4 -- 1972
FF2469	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University - Satisficing -- Reference Material -- Article -- “The Decision to Deploy the ABM” -- Halperin -- World Politics -- 1970 
FF2470	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University - Satisficing -- Reference Material -- Article -- “The Efficiencyof Competition and Planning’ -- Lindbeck -- Planning and Market Relations-- N.D.  
FF2471	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University - Satisficing -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Situational Determinism in Economics” -- Machlup -- BRIT.J.PHIL.SCI. 25 -- 1974
FF2472	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University - Satisficing -- Reference Material -- Article -- “A Theory of Random Rational Behavior” -- Theil -- 1974
FF2473	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Satisficing -- Paper -- “A Process Tracing Study of Risky Bdecision Making” -- “The Relationship of Prceived Risk to Preference among Gambles” -- Payne -- 1975
FF2474	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Articles by Feather -- 196-1967
FF2475	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Bibliography -- “In Support of Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon -- 1995
FF2476	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Comments -- “Discovery Quarks and other Hidden Objects” -- Seventh International Machine Learning Conference-- N.D.
FF2477	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Correspondence -- Drake Article -- “Galileo and Mahtematical Physics -- “Galileo’s Accuracyin Measuring Horizontal Projections” -- 1986
FF2478	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Correspondence -- Gingerich- 1989-1990
FF2479	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Lundberg -- “On the Elementary Quantities of Matter and Electricity” -- “On the Equation of the Energy Distribution in the Normal Spectrum”  - Planch -- 1985
FF2480	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Correspondence -- Macfarlane -- Article -- “The Art of the Relevant” -- 1974-1987
FF2481	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Paper -- “Scientific Discovery and Creative Reasoning with Diagrams” -- Cheng -- 1993
 
Box 33 - Continued
FF2482	 Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- Articles by Mitchell -- 1957-1982
FF2483	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Die Beteutung von Rubens Arbeiten fur die Planckche Strahlungsformel (the Meaning of Rubens for the Planck Radiation Formula) -- Hetter -- Heft 48 -- 1922
FF2484	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- Book Review -- “Patterns of Discovery” by Hanson -- Wilson -- Science 129 -- 1959
FF2485	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Citation Indexing and Evaluation of Scientific Papers” -- Margolis -- Science 155 -- 1967
FF2486	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “A Computer Assisted Medical Diagnostic Consultation Service” -- Bankowitz, et al. -- Annals of Internal Medicine 110:10 -- 1989
FF2487	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “A Computer Program that Learns Algebraic Procedures by Examining Examples and by Working Text Problems in a Textbook” -- Neves -- 1978
FF2488	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “CRAMS: An Automatic Chemical Reaction Analysis and Modeling System” -- Butler and deMaine -- Topics in Current Chemistry -- 1975
FF2489	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “The Development of the Space-Time View of Quantum Electrodynamics” -- Feynman -- Science 153 -- 1966
FF2490	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Functional Transformations in AI Discovery Systems” -- Shen -- IEEE -- 1988
FF2491	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article --“Gibbs nd the Art of Thermodynamics” -- Jolls -- American Mathmatical Society -- 1990
FF2492	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “How Long is the Coast of Britain” -- Mendelbrot -- Science 156 -- 1967
FF2493	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Legal Issues Related to Medical Decision Support Systems” -- Miller -- Intern. Journal Of Clinical Monitoring And Competing -- 1989
FF2494	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “The Making of a Scientist” -- Krebs -- Nature 215 -- 1967
FF2495	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article --“Newton and the Fudge Factor” -- Westfall -- Science 179 -- 1973
FF2496	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article --“A Note on a Class of Probability Matching Models” -- Feldman and Newell -- Psychometrica 26:3 -- 1961
 
Box 33 - Continued
FF2497	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Ray-Tracing Relativity” -- Hsiung, Thibadeu and Dunn -- Letter to the Editor -- Pixel -- 1990
FF2498	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “The Role of Intuition” -- Wilder -- Science 156 -- 1967
FF2499	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Scientific Explanation” -- Weaver -- Science 143 -- 1964
FF2500	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Scientific Theory Formation through Analogical Reference” -- Falkenhainer -- Theory Formation Through Analogy -- N.D.
FF2501	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Smart Genes’ -- Beardsley -- Scientific American -- 1991
FF2502	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Book Chapter -- “Atomic Molecular Theory I” -- “Atomic Molecular Theory II” -- Arons -- Development Of Concepts Of Physics -- N.D.
FF2503	Simon, Herbert A. -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Book Chapter -- “Constraints on Thinking in Insight and Invention” -- Isaac and Just -  The Nature Of Insight -- N.D.
FF2504	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Book Chapter -- “Chapter 9: Faraday’s Use of Mathematics” -- Tweney -- Doing Science -- N.D.
FF2505	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Book Chapter -- “Faraday’s Discovery of Induciton: A Cognitive Approach” -- Tweney -- Faraday Rediscovered -- 1985
FF2506	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Book Chapter -- “Has Mendel’s Work Been Rediscovered” -- Fisher -- Publication Unknown -- Correspondence from Crow -- N.D.
FF2507	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Book Chapter -- “Mendel and the Gene Theory” -- Sturtevant -- Heritage From Mendel -- 1967
FF2508	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Book Chapter -- “The Scientist’s Intuitions” -- Bunge -- Intuition and Science -- 1964
FF2509	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University - Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Book Excerpts -- N.D.
FF2510	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Newsletter- THE COMPUTERS & PHILOSOPHY 3:1 -- CMU -- February 1988
FF2511	Simon, Herbert A.  REPEATED TITLE
FF2512	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “A Cognitive Theory of Cooperators’s Advantage” -- Orbell and Dawes -- Correspondence -- 1990
FF2513	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “The Computer Revolution in Science” -- de Jong and Rip -- N.D.
 
Box 33 - Continued
FF2514	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “The Conceptual Structure of the Chemical Revolution” -- Thagard -- 1987
FF2515	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Empirical and Analytical Discovery in IL” -- Sims -- 1987
FF2516	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Francis Bacon and Galileo Galilei: Two Approaches to Progress in Science” -- Schwartz --1987
FF2517	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Laboratory Notebooks and Scientific Creativity”  - Holmes -- “The Fine Structure of Scientific Creativity” -- Reprint -- 1981
FF2518	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Learning by Experimentation” -- Carbonell and Gil -- N.D.
FF2519	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- Papers by Dunbar -- Article -- 1988-1993
FF2520	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- Papers by Miller -- Correspondence -- Article -- 1990-1993
FF2521	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- Papers by Mitchell -- Correspondence -- 1986-1988, 1990
FF2522	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- Papers by Langley -- 1986, 1989-1994
FF2523	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- Papers by Petroni -- Correspondence -- 1987-1988, 1990-1993
FF2524	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- Papers by Tweney -- 1983-1985
FF2525	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- Paprs by ytkow -- Article -- Book Chapter -- 1987-1996
FF2526	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Quanitification and Concept Development” -- Damerow and Freudenthal -- 1986
FF2527	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Very Siple Classification Rules Perform Well on Most Commonly Used Datasets” -- Holte -- 1992
FF2528	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Toward a Cognitive Theory of Science” -- Giere -- 1987
FF2529	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University --Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Book Chapter -- “Scientific Inference: The Myth and the Reality” -- Roseboom -- Science, Psychology, And Communication -- 1972
FF2530	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University --Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Preface -- Foundations Of Infinitesimal Calculus -- Keisler -- N.D.
FF2531	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Report -- “An Architecture for Theory-Driven Scientific Discovery” -- Leeman, et al. -- 1989
 
Box 33 - Continued
FF2532	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Report -- “FERMI: A Flexible Expert Reasoner with Mulit-Domain Inferenceing’ -- Larkin, Reig, Carbonell and Gugliotta -- 1985
FF2533	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Report -- “Law Encodign Diagrams for Instruction” -- “Scientific Discovery with Law Encoding Diagrams” -- Cheng -1994
FF2534	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Report -- “A Qualitative Approach to Electricity” -- Haertel -- 1987
FF2535	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Study -- “Remarks on Compilation of ‘Physics Teaching Software (N.D2)’” -- N.D.
FF2536	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Thesis -- “Understanding Machines in Motion” -- Fallside -- CMU -- May 11, 1988
FF2537	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery by Computer -- Article -- “Machine Discovery” -- Simon -- Foundations Of Science 2 -- 1995-1996
FF2538	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery by Computer -- Memorandum -- Valdez -- 1995
FF2539	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery by Computer -- Reference Material -- Appendix -- “Expert Systems in Use’ -- Harmon -- The Rise Of The Expert Company -- Feigenbaum, et al. -- 1988
FF2540	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Semantic Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Automatic Theorem Proving with Renamable and Semantic Resolution” -- Clark and Begun -- Slagle -- Journal Of The Association For Computing Machinery 14:4 -- October 1997
FF2541	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Semantic Memory -- Reference Material -- Report -- “The Teachable Language Comprehender: A Program to Understand English” -- Author Unknown -- N.D.
FF2542	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Semantic Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “The Use of Syntax in Understanding Sentences” -- Clark and Begun -- Gen. Psycol. 59:3 -- 1968
FF2543	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Sequence Extrapolation -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Cognitive Representations of Serial Patterns” -- Jones -- 1974
FF2544	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Sequence Extrapolation -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “A Comparison of some Inductivfe Inference Models” -- Gerwin and Newsted -- 1974
FF2545	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Sequence Induction -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Stopping Rules in a Sequential Search Task” -- Rapoport and Kahan -- Experiment -- October 1965
FF2546	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short -Term Memory -- Chinese Characters -- Article -- Papers -- 1977, 1983
FF2547	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short -Term Memory -- Correspondence -- Dept of Statistics, University of Chicago -- 1964
FF2548	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Notes -- N.D.
 
Box 33 - Continued
FF2549	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference List -- 1975
FF2550	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- Articles by Baddeley -- 1981-1983
FF2551	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- Articles by Sigler -- 1986-1988
FF2552	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- Articles by Warm -- 1966, 1969-1971, 1975
FF2553	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- Articles by Wickerlgren -- 1965-1971
FF2554	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Cognitie Categories and Memory Span” -- Sanders and Schroots -- Quarterly Journal Of Experimental Psychology -- 20:4 -- 1968
FF2555	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Counting Backwards Produce Systmeatic Errors” -- Nairne and Healy -- Journal Of Experimenal Psychology -- 112:1 -- 1983
FF2556	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Effects of Procedural Variables upon Reversal and Interdimensional Shift Performance” -- Johnson, et al. -- Psychonometric Science 4 -- 1966
FF2557	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article --“ Effects of Transfer and Problem Structure in Disjunctive Concept Formation” -- Wells -- Journal Of Experimental Psychology 65:1 -- 1963
FF2558	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Encoding Homophones and Synonym for Verbal Discrimination and Recognition’ -- Buschke and Lenon -- Psychon. Science 14.6 -- 1969
FF2559	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “False Recognition Produces by semantic and Phonetic Relations under Two Presentation Rates” -- Anisfeld -- Psychonometric Science 17:6 -- 1969
FF2560	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article --“The First Two R’s” -- Tjeng and Wang -- American Scientist -- 1983
FF2561	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Grouping and Refractoriness I Multiple Selective Responses” -- Sanders and Keuss -- Acta Psychologica 30 -- 1969
FF2562	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Homophones and Synonyms in Short-term Memory” -- Kintsch and Buscke -- Journal Of Experimental Psychology 80:3 -- June 1969
FF2563	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article --“Human Memory: A Proposed System and ItsConrtol Processes” -- Atkinson and Shiffrin -- The Psychology Of Learning And Motivation 2 -- 1968
 
Box 33 - Continued
FF2564	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Influence de la Structuration des Donnees sur la Memoire (Influence Structure in Short and Medium Term Memory Data) -- Oleron -- Memoires Originaux -- N.D.
FF2565	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Mechanisms of Aural Encoding” -- Cole, Haber and Sales -- Perception And Psychophysics 13 -- 1973
FF2566	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article --“One Process, Not Two, in Reading aloud” -- Kay and Marcel -  Quarterly Journal Of Experimental Psychology -- 1981
FF2567	Simon, Herbert A.- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “The Organization and Activation of Orthographic Knowledge in Reading Aloud” -- Glushko -- Journal Of Experimental Psychology 5:4 -- 1979
FF2568	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article --“Phonemic Confusability, Precategorical Acoustic Storage, and the Suffix Effect” -- Crowder and Cheng - Perception And Psychophysics 1 -- 1973
FF2569	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Physical Features vs Meaning: A Difference in Decay” -- Jacoby -- Memory And Cognition 3:3 -- 1973
FF2570	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article --“Primary Memory” -- Craik -- British Medical Bulletin 27:3 -- 1977
Box 34
Carnegie Mellon University

FF2571	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Recognition Memory as Influenced by Differential Attention to Semantic and Acoustic Proerties of Wrods” -- Cermak, Schnorr, Buschke, Atkinson -- Psychometric Science -- 1970
FF2572	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Role of Affect in Short-Term Memory for Paired Associates -- Nodine and Korn -- Journal Of Experimental Psychology  78:3 -- 1968
FF2573	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Role of Articulation in Auditory and visual Short-Term Memory” -- Levy -- Journal Of Verbal Learning And Verbal Behavior 10 -- 1971
FF2574	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Search Processes for Detectign Repeated Items in a Visual Display” -- Cavanagh and Parkman -- Perception And Psychophysics -- 1972
FF2575	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- Situated Action Articles -- 1986-1989
 
Box 34 - Continued
FF2576	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article --“The Sounds of Vowels and Consonants in Immediate Memory” -- Crowder -- Journal Of Verbal Learning And Verbal Behavior 10 -- 1971
FF2577	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Speed of Adding and Comparing Numbers” -- Restle -- Journal Of Experimental Psychology 83:2 -- 1970
FF2578	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article --‘A Test of the Feigenbaum and Simon Model of Serial Learning” -- Farwell and Vitz -- Journal Of Experimental Psychology 91:2 -- 1971
FF2579	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article --“ Transitive Inferences and Memory in Young Children” -- Bryant and Trabasso -- Nature 232 -- 1971
FF2580	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Article --“Whole Versus Part Learning of Serial Lists as a Function of Meaningfulness” -- Postman and Goggin -- Journal Of Experimental Psychology 68:2 -- 1964
FF2581	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Book Chapter -- “Attention: The Processing of Multiple Sources of Information” -- Garner -- Handbook Of Perception --1974
FF2582	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Book Chapte -- “Audition and Speech Coding in Short-Term Memory” -- Crowder -- Publication Unknown -- 1977
FF2583	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Book Excerpt -- Higher Order Organization In Recalling Digits -- Jones -- N.D.
FF2584	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Book Excerpts -- The Relationship Between Memory Span And Processing Speed -- Nicolson -- N.D.
FF2585	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Book Excerpt -- Retention With Different Recall Cues -- Bergman -- N.D.
FF2586	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Book Excerpt -- Short Term Memory -- Lindsay and Norman -- N.D.
FF2587	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- paper -- “Chronometric Study of Mental Paper Folding” -- Shephard and Feng -- 1971
FF2588	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Eye Movements of Pre-Readers to Pseudowords Containing Letters of High and Low Confusability” -- Nodine and Evans -- 1967
FF2589	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “The Magic number Seven after Fifteen Years” -- Broadbent -- c. 1973
 
Box 34 - Continued
FF2590	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Memory for Brief Visual Displays of Symbols” -- Scarborough -- 1972
FF2591	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Neural-Holographic Processes in Short-Term Memory : an Investigation of the Item Recongnition Task” -- Cavanagh -- 1970-1972
FF2592	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Reaction Time and Serial Versus Parallel Information Processing” -- Lindsay and Lindsay -- c. 1963
FF2593	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Short-Term Memory Processes in Counting” -- Healy and Nairne -- 1983
FF2594	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Some Behavioral Approaches to the Study of Learning” -- Rescorla and Holland -- 1973
FF2595	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Studies in One-Trial Learning: A Resume” -- Author Unknown- c. 1963
FF2596	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Synaptogenesis: Genetic Considerations and the Effects of Synaptic Use” -- Rutledge -- c. 1972
FF2597	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Publications by Laughery -- 1966-1967, 1972
FF2598	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material --Report -- “The Effects of Similarity on Very Short-Term Memory Under conditions of Maximal Information Porcessing Demands” -- 1968
FF2599	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Report -- “An Experimental and Theoretical Study of Recognition of Memory” -- Rundle -- 1970
FF2600	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Report -- “Further Experiments on the Range of Visual Search” -- Volkmann and Corbin -- 1965
FF2601	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Report -- “Human Use of Short-Term Memory in Processing Information on a Console” -- Ziegler and Sheridan -- 1964
FF2602	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Report -- “Processing Items and their Sequential Visual Displays” -- Scarborough and Sternberg -- 1975
FF2603	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Report -- “The Range of Visual search” -- Volkmann, Corbin, Eddy and Coonley -- November 1964
FF2604	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material --Report -- “A Technique for Obtaining Non-Dichotomous Measures of Short-Term Memory” -- Baker -- 1964
 
Box 34 - Continued
FF2605	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Short-Term Memory -- Reference Material -- Thesis -- “Parameters of Visual and Memory Search” -- Chase -- 1969
FF2606	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Skew Distribution -- Reference Material -- Dissertation Thesis -- “An Extreme Value Model f Weekly Harmonic (Pareto -- Zipf Type ) Laws” -- Perline -- Article -- December 1992
FF2607	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Skew Distribution -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Ability and Power Over Production in Distribution of Earnings” -- Grubb -- Correspondence -- 1983-1984
FF2608	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- SOAR -- Reference Material -- Publications -- 1995-1997
FF2609	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Spelling -- Paper -- “Alternative Uses of Phonemic Information in Spelling” -- Simon and Simon -- 1972
FF2610	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Spelling -- Paper -- “Modality Difference in the Retention of Spelling Information” -- Christie -- 1975
FF2611	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Spelling -- Paper -- “Retention of Visually Presented Information in Children’s Spelling” -- Farnham-Diggory and Simon -- 1974
FF2612	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Unrest -- Article -- “Conflict and Social Order: A Research Strategy for Complex Propositions’ -- Williams -- JOURNAL FO SOCIAL ISSUES 28;1 -- 1972
FF2613	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Zhu -- Book Chapter -- “Curriculum Design for Learning from Examples and by Doing” -- “Condition Cognition and Development of Problem Solving Skills”  - Book Unknown -- 1995
FF2614	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Zhu -- Book Chapter -- “Researches on Learning from Examples and by Doing’ -- Book Unknown -- 1995
FF2615	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Zhu -- Buoyancy Test Problems -- N.D.
FF2616	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Zhu -- Chineses Language Articles -- 1993
FF2617	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Experiment -- Buoyancy -- N.D.
FF2618	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Zhu -- Notes in Chinese -- N.D.
FF2619	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Zhu -- Protocol -- Buoyancy -- N.D.
FF2620	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Zhu -- Protocol -- Learning Process -- N.D.
FF2621	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Zhu with Hoffman and Simon -- Paper -- “Design of Curricula for learning by Examples’ -- Correspondence  - Article -- 1988-1990
FF2622	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Zhu with Lee -- Paper -- “Learning from Examples and Problem-Solving’ -- N.D.
FF2623	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Zhu with Lee and Zhu -- Paper -- “The Theory on Cue Recongintion and Cue Elaboration” -- N.D.
FF2624	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Zhu with Simon -- Paper -- “Learning Bouyancy: From Examples and Through Problem-Solving” -- N.D.
 
Box 34 - Continued
FF2625	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complexity -- Book List -- “Santa Fe Insitute: Studies in the Sciences of Complexity” -- 1996
FF2626	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complexity -- Correspondence -- Computer Science in China -- Photo Album -- N.D.
FF2627	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complexity -- Reference Material -- Magazine -- Complexity 3:5 -- 1988
FF2628	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complexity -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Complexity and Organization’ -- Wimsatt -- Publication Unknown -- 1972
FF2629	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complexity -- Reference Material -- Article -- “The Complexity of Economic Decision Rules” -- Futia -- Journal Of Mathematical Economics 4 -- 1977
FF2630	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Complexity -- Reference Material -- Article -- “From Complexity to Perplexity” -- Horgan -- Scientific American -- 1995
FF2631	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complexity -- Reference Material -- Article -- “A Variant of the Kolmogorov Concept of Complexity” -- Loveland -- Information And Control 15:6 -- 1969
FF2632	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complexity -- Reference Material -- Articles by Mackay -- 1972-1973
FF2633	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complexity -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Use of the Concept of  Transparenc in the Design of Theoretically Structured Systems” -- Parnas and Siewiorek -- 1972
FF2634	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complexity -- Research Proposal -- “Computer Networks, Parallel Processing and Integer Programming” -- N.D.
FF2635	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Art -- Program -- “The First Artificial Intelligence Based art Exhibition” -- Postcard -- 1992
FF2636	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Art -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Computer/ Art-Depolarization and Unification” -- Palyka -- Comuter Graphics And Application 5:7 -- 1985
FF2637	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Art -- Reference Material -- Publicaitns by Bates -- 1992-1993
FF2638	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Art -- Reference Material -- Report -- “The National Challenge in Computer Science and Technology” -- National Research Council -- 1988
FF2639	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Concept Attainment -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Strategy Modification in Concept Learning as a Function of Interdimensional Variability” -- Lindahl -- 1971
FF2640	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Concept Attainment -- Reference Material -- Paper -- ‘A Method of Concept Formation Based on Functional Decomposition” -- Towster -- 1973
FF2641	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Paper -- “Strategies in Concept Identification” -- Indow and Suzuski -- 1971
FF2642	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Concept Attainment -- Reference Material -- Publications by Schofeld -- 1973, 1976
 
Box 34 - Continued
FF2643	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Concept Attainment -- Research -- Notes -- Computer Printouts  - Protocols -- Paper -- N.D.
FF2644	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Creativity -- Reference Material -- Publications by Gentner -- 1980, 1982-1983
FF2645	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Criticism -- Correspondence -- Carrier -- commentary -- 1988
FF2646	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Criticism -- Correspondence -- Hobbs -- 1990
FF2647	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Criticism -- Correspondence -- Steinberg -- Paper -- 1988
FF2648	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Criticism -- Correspondence -- Waller -- 1988 
FF2649	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Criticism -- Reference Material -- Publications by McCormick and Waller -- 1987
FF2650	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Criticism -- Reference Material -- Publications by Berlyne -- 1968, 1970-1971
FF2651	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Correspondence -- Paper- ‘Prejudices of Least Squares and Principal Components” -- Los -- 1986 
FF2652	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Outline -- “Organizational Decision Making with Complex Goals” -- N.D.
FF2653	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Conference Proceedings -- “Psychological Applications of Decision Theory” -- 1964
FF2654	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Article -- ‘Comments on the ‘Line Model’ Equation and the Analysis of Multiple-Cue Judgement Tasks” -- Castellan -- Psychometrika 38:1
FF2655	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Individual Decisions Concerning the Allocation of Resources for Projects with Uncertain Consequences” -- Berg -- Management Science 21:1 -- 1974
FF2656	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Article --“Perspectives on a Consumer Information Processing Research Program” -- Jacoby -- Communications Research 2:3 -- 1975
FF2657	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Article --“Uncertainty, Importance and Arousal as Determinants of Pre-Decisional Information Search” -- Hawkin and Lanzetta -- 1965
FF2658	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Bouwman -- 1986
FF2659	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publicaitons by Gerwin -- 1969, 19972-1973
FF2660	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Hauschildt -- 1970, 1973-1974
FF2661	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Kahneman and Tversky -- 1983-1986
 
Box 35
Carnegie Mellon University

FF2662	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Kunreuther -- 1973
FF2663	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by  Marschak -- 1974-1975
FF2664	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by McKenney -- 1971
FF2665	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications byMintzberg, et al. -- 1991
FF2666	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Nilson -- c. 1967
FF2667	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Olander -- 1972
FF2668	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Patchen -- 1974
FF2669	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Payne -- 1973, 1986
FF2670	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Pope -- 1984-1985
FF2671	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Radford -- 1974-1975
FF2672	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Reiter -- 1956
FF2673	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Schwartz -- 1971
FF2674	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Shafir -- 1992-1993
FF2675	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Sieber and Lanzetta -- 1966
FF2676	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Snyder and Paige -- 1958
FF2677	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Stahl -- 1975
FF2678	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Staw -- 1976
FF2679	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Svenson -- 1975, 1977
FF2680	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Wilson -- 1972
FF2681	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Yance -- 1965
FF2682	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Publications by Yoshihara -- 1969
 
Box 35 - Continued
FF2683	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Decision Making -- Reference Material -- Report -- “Comparative Risk Assessment of Environmental Hazards in an International Context” -- Scienctific Committee on Problems of the Environment -- 1975
FF2684	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Design -- Grant Proposal -- “Theory, Implementation, and Application of an Agent-Based, Adaptive Method for conceptual Design” -- Kotovsky and Cagan -- NSF -- 1996-1997
FF2685	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Design -- Paper -- “A Model for Functional Reasoning in Design” -- Freeman and Newell -- 1971
FF2686	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Design -- Reference Material -- Abstract of Proposed Research -- ‘The Pattern of Designer/Computer Interaction in the Early Stages of Design Problems” -- 1975
FF2687	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Design -- Reference Material -- Article -- ‘A Heuristic Problem-Solving Design System for Equipment or Furniture Layouts” -- Pfefferkorn -- Communications Of The Acm -- 1975
FF2688	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Design -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Processing of Design Specifications Using a Recursive Decision-Table Processor” -- Fenves -  Informaiton Processing 71 -- 1972
FF2689	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Design -- Reference Material -- Grant Proposal -- “Project Description: Sudden Mental Insight in Design” -- Akin -- NSF -- 1996
FF2690	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Design -- Reference Material -- Interview -- “A Computer Science Perspective of Bridge Design’ -- Spector and Gifford -- Communications Of The Acm -- 1986
FF2691	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Computer Printouts -- EPAM III -- 1996
FF2692	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Correspondence -- Richmant -- 1986-1987
FF2693	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper -- “EPAM V: A General Model of Strategy for Concept Formation and Role Learning” -- Richman and Simon -- February 14, 1995
FF2694	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper Review -- “An EPAM Model of Categorization” -- Richman and Simon -- 1992
FF2695	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Paper Review -- “Context Effects in Letter Perception” -- Richman and Simon -- 1988
FF2696	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Programming Instructions -- EPAM III List -- EPAM IIIA Assembly Listing -- 1988
FF2697	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- EPAM V -- Programming Instructions -- Richman -- 1987
FF2698	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Constant vs. Varied Serial Order in Paired-Associate Learning’ -- Batting, et al. -- Paper -- 1963
 
Box 35 - Continued
FF2699	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Reference Material -- Article -- “Transfer from Verbal-Discrimination to Paried-Associate Learning” -- Batting and Brackett -- 1963
FF2700	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Reference Material -- Report -- “Serial Order: A Parallel Distributed Processing Approach” -- Jordan -- 1986
FF2701	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Reference Material -- Thesis -- A Test of Implications of EPAM with Regard to Learning of Sight Words and Forgetting of Known Words -- 1985
FF2702	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Report -- “Using EPAM to Explain Context Effects in Letter Perception” -- Richman and Simon -- 1987
FF2703	 Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Research Proposal -- “Using an EPAM-Based Produciton System to simulate Children’s Acquisition of Past-Tense Forms” -- 1987 
FF2704	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program) -- Study -- “What is a Physical Symbol System” -- Simon -- 1988
FF2705	Simon, Herbert A. -- Experimental Economics -- Bibliography -- 1990
FF2706	Simon, Herbert A. -- Experimental Economics -- Reference Material -- Publications by Gode and Sundar -- 1993, 1997, 1999
FF2707	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Experimental Economics -- Reference Material -- Publications by Sunder with Jamal, Bosch and Marimon -- 1993, 1995-1996, 1999
FF2708	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Article -- ‘Balmer’s Manuscripts and the Construction of this Series” -- Banet -- American Journal Of Physics 38:7 -- 1970
FF2709	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Article -- “Evolution of the Balmer Series’ -- Banet -- AMERICAN JOURNAL OF PHYSICS 34:6- 1966
FF2710	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Article -- “Notiz Uber die Spektrallinien des Wasserstoffs (Notes on the Hydrogen Spectral Lines)” -- Balmer -- Publication Unknown -- c. 1883
FF2711	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Article -- “On the Cause of the Interrupted Spectra of Gases” -- Stoney -- Philosophy Magazine 4;41 - 1871
FF2712	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Article -- “Zweite Notiz Uber die Spectralineien des Wasserstoffs (More Notes on Hydrogen Spectral Lines)” -- Balmer -- Publication Unknown - 1885
FF2713	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Charts -- Invariants -- Notes -- 1988
FF2714	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Correspondence -- Banet -- Notes -- 1975
 
Box 35 - Continued
FF2715	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- correspondence -- Guliksen -- 1967
FF2716	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Data -- Notes -- 1988
FF2717	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Data Analysis -- Amount of Time before Hint Given -- 1989
FF2718	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Data Analysis -- First Mention of Color -- 1988
FF2719	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Data Analysis -- Parity -- 1989
FF2720	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Data Analysis -- Rough Variable -- 1988
FF2721	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Data Analysis -- Time to Declare Impossibility -- 1989
FF2722	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Data Analysis -- Time Focused on Color -- 1988
FF2723	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Figures -- Tables -- Miscellaneous -- 1988
FF2724	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Graphs -- Before/After -- Color Hint -- N.D.
FF2725	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Graphs -- Color HITS -- N.D.
FF2726	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Graphs -- Invariants -- 1988
FF2727	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Graphs -- Miscellaneous -- N.D.
FF2728	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Graphs -- Pause/Plateau: Hit/Miss/Swamp -- N.D.
FF2729	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project --Graphs -  Problem Solving Before and After Hints -- 1988
FF2730	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Graphs -- Relevant vs. Irrelevant Variants -- N.D. 
FF2731	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project - List -- Discovery of Balmer Series, Inventory of Notebooks -- 1988
FF2732	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Manual -- Instructions to the Subject -- N.D.
FF2733	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Memoranda on Statistics -1988
FF2734	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Memorandum on Hint -- N.D. 
FF2735	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Non-Critical Supplementary Analysis -- Table -- Notes -- Graphs -- 1988
FF2736	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Notes- Correspondence -- 1967
 
Box 35 - Continued
FF2737	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Notes -- Miscellaneous -- 1988
FF2738	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Paper -- Discovery of the Balmer Series -- Hanson and Simon -- 1989
FF2739	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Paper -- “In Search of Insight” -- Simon and Kaplan -- 1989
FF2740	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Protocol -- Composition Notebook -- Thinking-Aloud Protocol -- Kulkarni and Simon -- 1986
FF2741	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Protocol -- Mutilated Checkeredboard Problem, Black and  Pink Condition -- 1986
FF2742	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Protocol -- Mutilated Checkerboard Problem, Blank Condition -- 1986
FF2743	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Protocol -- Mutilated Checkerboard Problem, Bread and Butter Condition- 1986
FF2744	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Protocol -- Mutilated Checkerboard Problem, Bread and Butter condition -- Subject 9A -- Analysis -- Vocabulary List -- 1986-1988
FF2745	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Protocol -- Mutilated Checkerboard Problem, Color Condition -- 1986
FF2746	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Protocol -- Mutilated Checkerboard Problem, Color Condition -- Subject 16A -- 1986
FF2747	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Report -- Analysis of Protocol of Balmer Subject: The Problem Statement -- 1992
FF2748	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Report -- “(Partial) Rediscovery of the Balmer Series” -- Gjone -- N.D. 
FF2749	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Report -- “Summary of Claims and Supporting Data: The Mutilated Checkerboard Experiments” -- 1988
FF2750	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Summary of the Strategies to Solve the Series -- Cassette 42A -- 1986
FF2751	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project- Summary Data -- Graphs -- Tables -- 1988
FF2752	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Table -- Graphs -- All Invariants -- 1988
FF2753	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Table -- Invariant Frequency -- 1988
FF2754	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Table -- Parity -- 1988
FF2755	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project --Transcipt -- Tape 1 -- Tape 2 -- 1988
FF2756	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 3 -- Tape 4 -- 1988
FF2757	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 5 -- Tape 6 -- 1988
 
Box 35 - Continued
FF2758	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 7 -- Tape 8 -- 1988
FF2759	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 9A -- 1988
FF2760	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 10A -- Tape 10B -- 1988
FF2761	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 10a -- Tape 11A -- 1988
FF2762	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 18A -- Tape 18B -- 1988
FF2763	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 21 -- 1988
FF2764	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 22A -- Tape 22B -- 1988
FF2765	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 23A -- Tape 23B -- 1988
FF2766	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 24A - Tape 24B -- 1988
FF2767	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 25A -- Tape 25B -- 1988
FF2768	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 26A -- Tape 26B -- 1988
FF2769	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Tape 27A -- Tape 27B -- 1988
FF2770	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Charts -- Brunswik Trees -- N.D.
FF2771	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Data -- Correlations by Condition and Face -- N.D.
FF2772	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Data -- Errors -- Tables -- Summarises -- 1999
FF2773	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Data -- Learning -- Graph -- N.D.
FF2774	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Data -- Relative Difficulty of Brunswik Faces -- 1998

Box 36
Carnegie Mellon University

FF2775	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program)- Correspondence -- Donald and Silbey -- 1996
FF2776	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program)- Corresondence -- Henson -- “Unchained Memory:Error Patterns Rule Out Chaining Models of Immediate Serial Recall -- 1994
FF2777	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program)- Correspondence -- Miscellaneous -- 1995-1996
 
Box 36 - Continued
FF2778	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program)- Correspondence -- Montague -- 1968
FF2779	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program)- Correspondence -- Rao -- 1996
FF2780	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program)- correspondence -- Schuler and Lobo -- “Efficient Organization, Urban Hierarchies and Landscape Criteria” -- 1996
FF2781	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program)- Graphs -- Miscellaneous -- N.D.
FF2782	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM (Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer Program)- Outline -- “Axiomatization of Scientific Theory “ -- “Generic Definablilty Revised” -- Simon -- 1967
FF2783	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM Book Project -- Graphs -- N.D.
FF2784	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- EPAM Book Project -- Paper -- “Comparison of EPAM with Two Neural Network Models” -- Richman and Simon -- c. 1995
FF2785	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 16th Annual CMU-Pitt Conference -- Program -- 1998
FF2786	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bibliography -- Anderson -- 1998
FF2787	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bibliography -- Selectionism in Biology -- Referene Material -- N.D.
FF2788	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Book Excerpt -- “Imagery-based Problem Solving -- “Deriving the Equations on the Relativity of Time” -- Author Unknown -- N.D.
FF2789	Simon, Herbert A. -- Book Review -- Collected Papers, VOL. I AND II -- Aumann -- Review by Simon -- Draft -- 2000
FF2790	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brochure - #3th Carnegie Symposium on Cognition -- 1999
FF2791	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Data -- Strategy -- Tables -- Analysis -- 1999
FF2792	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Data -- Transfer Latency -- N.D. 
FF2793	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Data Analysis -- Features Attended to by Quartile -- Prototype -- N.D.
FF2794	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Data Analysis -- Features Attended to by Quartile -- Rule X -- N.D.
FF2795	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Data Analysis -- Features attended to by Quartile -- Standard -- N.D.
FF2796	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Graphs -- Classification Learning by Item and Strategy  -- N.D.
FF2797	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Graphs -- Frequencies -- N.D.
FF2798	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Graphs -- Miscellaneous -- N.D.
 
Box 36 - Continued
FF2799	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Graphs -- Response Switches by Item and Learner Speed -- N.D.
FF2800	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Histograms -- N.D.
FF2801	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- List -- Variables and Labels -- N.D. 
FF2802	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Notes -- Miscellaneous -- N.D.
FF2803	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Outline -- Typicality -- Tables -- N.D.
FF2804	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Paper -- “Strategies in a Categoization Task” -- Gluck, Staszewski, Richman, Simon, and Delahanty -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF2805	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Paper -- “Strategies in a Categoization Task” -- Gluck, Staszewski, Richman, Simon, and Delahanty -- Draft -- 1999
FF2806	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Paper -- “Strategies in a Categoization Task” -- Gluck, Staszewski, Richman, Simon, and Delahanty -- Notes -- 1999
FF2807	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Proposal -- Tables -- Notes -- 1999
FF2808	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Report -- Analysis ofHypothesis Statement -- N.D.
FF2809	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Report -- Examples from Verbal Protocol -- N.D.
FF2810	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Search Trees -- 1999
FF2811	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Statistics -- Performance -- Tables -- N.D.
FF2812	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Summary -- Discrimination Nets -- Tables -- 1998-1999
FF2813	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Summary -- Discrimination Nets -- Tables -- Crosstas -- N.D.
FF2814	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Summary -- Discrimination Nets -- Tables -- Gestalt Statements by Face -- N.D.
FF2815	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Summary -- Discrimination Nets -- Tables -- Learning Time per Case -- N.D.
FF2816	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Summary -- Discrimination Nets -- Tables -- Miscellaneous -- N.D. 
FF2817	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Summary -- Discrimination Nets -- Tables -- Recognition/Comparison by Face Number -- N.D.
FF2818	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Summary -- Discrimination Nets -- Tables -- Recognition/Comparison by Subject Number -- N.D.
 
Box 36 - Continued
FF2819	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Summary -- Discrimination Nets -- Tables -- Time by Face -- N.D.
FF2820	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Summary -- Discrimination Nets -- Tables -- VP and non-VP Participants -- N.D. 
FF2821	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Calendar -- 1999-2000 Academic Year -- 1999
FF2822	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Campus Architecture -- Article -- Correspondence -- 1997-1999
FF2823	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- college of Humanities and Social Science s -- Agenda -- Advisory Board Visit -- Roster -- 1999
FF2824	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- College of Humanitites and Social Sciences -- Report -- Advisory Board Visit -- Response - 2000
FF2825	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Anderson - 2000
FF2826	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Chung -- 1997
FF2827	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Cohon -- 1999
FF2828	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Irving -- 1999
FF2829	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Klahr -- 1999
FF2830	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Miscellaneous Students -- 1999
FF2831	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- National Science Foundation -- 1998
FF2832	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Sieg - 2000
FF2833	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Stone -- 1996-1997
FF2834	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- University of San Andres, Buenos Aires -- 1998
FF2835	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-100: Cognitive Processes -- Syllabus -- 1998
FF2836	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Cognitive Core Course -- Outline -- Student Evaluation -- Syllabus -- 1997-1998
FF2837	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving -- Assignment Schedule -- Fall 1999
FF2838	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 85-711: Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving -- Memorandum -- Computer Account -- N.D.
FF2839	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Core Course in Cognition/Cognitive Neuroscience -- Syllabus -- Spring 1999
FF2840	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- Unknown Course -- Written Test -- N.D.
FF2841	Simon, Herbert A.- Carnegie Mellon University -- Data -- Multi-Attribute Representation of Retrieval Structure Locaitons -- N.D. 
FF2842	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Data -- Quick Intralist Similarity Simulation - 2000
 
Box 36 - Continued
FF2843	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Data -- S&M Categorization -- Graphs -- N.D. 
FF2844	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Data -- Transfer Task PA -- N.D.
FF2845	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Data Analysis -- N.D.
FF2846	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Philosophy -- Memorandum -- Department Meeting -- Proposal -- Report -- Schedule -- 1998
FF2847	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Faculty Search Committee -- Plaut - **Restricted Files** -- 1998
FF2848	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Faculty Search Committee -- Plaut  - Publications -- 1996-1998
FF2849	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Faculty Search Committee -- Postle - **Restricted Files**- 2000
FF2850	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Depatment of Psychology -- Memorandum -- 1997
FF2851	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- MemeoRANDum -- 1999
FF2852	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Review for Promotion -- Kotovsky - *Restricted Files* -- 1999
FF2853	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Flyer -- Eberly Center Lecture Series -- 1999
FF2854	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Godel -- Supplementary Material -- N.D.
FF2855	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Progrma for Executives -- Opening Remarks -- 1959
FF2856	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- “A Proposal for the M.S. in Industrial Administration Curriculum in GSIA -- Kreibel, et al. -- Memoranda -- 169-1971
FF2857	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- “Proposal for Second Experimental Study” -- Guetzkow -- Organization Behavior Laboratory Research -- 1953
FF2858	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Index -- Faculty by Interests, Faculty by Project -- N.D.
FF2859	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Instructions -- Setting up Mac SLIP - 2000
FF2860	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Interview -- “On Physical Symbol Systems” -- Tanaka and Simon -- Draft -- Correspondence - 2000
FF2861	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorandum -- Educational Suggestions -- 1997
FF2862	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorandum -- Freshman/Sophomore Research Training Course -- Study Information -- 1999
FF2863	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Newsletter -- Carnegie Mellon News 9:4 -- September 3, 1998
FF2864	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes- Miscellaneous -- N.D. 
FF2865	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- CMU Issues -- 1997
 
Box 36 - Continued
FF2866	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- Compairson of EPAM and PDP - 2000
FF2867	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “An Experimental Approach to Organizational Culture” -- Author Unknown -- N.D.
FF2868	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Learning to Research about Learning” -- Simon -- Draft -- 1999
FF2869	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “The Many Shapes of Knowledge” -- Simon -- Draft -- N.D.
FF2870	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “The Meaning of Church-Turing Thesis for Practical Computation” -- Simon -- Draft -- 1991
FF2871	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- “Near Decomposability and the Speed of Evolution” -- Simon -- Draft -- 1999
FF2872	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Program Verification and Artifical Intelligence in Computer Science” -- Simon -- Draft -- 1997
FF2873	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Papre -- Title Unknown -- Author Unknown -- Draft -- N.D.
FF2874	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Profile -- Community of Science -Correspondence -- 1999
FF2875	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructins -- CaMeRa -- Protocols -- 1999
FF2876	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Proposal -- “Proposed Delayed Recall Experiment” -- Richman and Simon -- 1999
FF2877	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Proposal -- Metaproblem Solving -- N.D.
FF2878	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocol -- Sequence Genreation -- 1976
FF2879	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Report -- “Learning from Examples and by Doing” -- N.D. 
FF2880	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Report -- “Organizational Behavior at Carnegie Mellon” -- Correspondence - 2000
FF2881	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Response -- Center for Neural Basis of Cogniton (CNBC) -- Advisory Board Report - 2000
FF2882	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Schedule -- Fall 2000
FF2883	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- E-mail Account Information -- 1997
FF2884	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science Retreat -- Correspondence -- 1997
FF2885	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science Retreat -- Outline -- ‘What is Theory in Computer Science” -- 1997
FF2886	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- Transcript -- “The Future of AI” -- 1997
 
Box 36 - Continued
FF2887	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Assignment -- Ding -- “Memo 4: An Algorithm” -**Restricted Files** - 2000
FF2888	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Assignment -- Ding -- Report -- “Memo 3: How Interaction Among Subjects Under the AI Condition Affects Scientific Discovery” - **Restricted Files** - 2000
FF2889	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Evalution -- Gluck -  **Restricted Files** -- 1997
FF2890	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Proposal -- Bowling -- Correspondecne - **Restricted Files** - 2000

Box 37
Carnegie Mellon University

FF2891	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Article -- “Altruism and Economics” -- Simon -- Eastern Economic Journal 18.1- Winter 1992
FF2892	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Paper -- “Alturism is Compatible with Neo-1 Darwininan Doctrine” -- Simon -- 1993
FF2893	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Altruism -- Paper- “The Social Envionment of Cogniton: Organizational Loyalty as Altruism” -- Simon -- 1993
FF2894	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Announcement -- Invitation to Author Signing -- October 22, 1994
FF2895	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Anouncement -- Science, Technology and Human Values Forum -- om Machines and Values -- N.D.
FF2896	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- The Andrew Carnegie society -- 1992 Gold Award -- 1992
FF2897	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- CMU Purchasing a home for President -- 1990
FF2898	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- CMU Related Newspaper Clippings -- 1958-1964
FF2899	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Article -- “FCE Faculty Course Evaluation” -- TARTAN -- Fall 1976
FF2900	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Artificial Intelligence -- Bibliography -- N.D.
FF2901	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Artificial Intelligence -- Correspondence -- Siegel -- March 14, 1987
FF2902	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Artificial Intelligence -- Memorandum -- April 1, 1976
FF2903	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Notebook G -- Corresponding Tape #9B -- 1986
FF2904	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Notebook H -- Corresponding Tape #11-16  -- 1986
FF2905	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Notebook I -- Corresponding tape #17-20 -- 1986
FF2906	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Notebook J -- Corresponding Tape #21 -- 1986
 
Box 37 - Continued
FF2907	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Notebook K -- Corresponding Tape #22-27 -- 1986
FF2908	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Notebook L -- Corresponding Tape #28-30, #34-35 -- 1986
FF2909	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Notebook M -- Corresponding Tape #31-33 -- 1986
FF2910	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Notebook N -- Corresponding Tape #9-10, #36-38 -- 1986
FF2911	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Notebook O -- Corresponding Tape #41 -- 1986
FF2912	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Notebook P -- Correspinding Tape #40, #42-43 -- 1986
FF2913	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Balmer Project -- Transcript -- Notebook Q -- Corresponding Tape #44, #48 -- 1986
FF2914	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Behavioral Science Faculty -- “Notes on the Behavior Science s at C.I.T.’ --Simon -- Notes -- Correspondence -- 1955-1960
FF2915	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Biography -- Uhr -- 1995
FF2916	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Board of Trustees -- Committee Assignments -- Correspondence -- 1990
FF2917	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Board of Trustees -- Correspondence -- Burnham -- 1979
FF2918	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Board of Trustees -- Educational Affairs Council Activities -- 1990-1991 Budget Summary -- Report -- 1989-1990
FF2919	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Board of Trustees -- Minutes of the Meeting of the audit Committee -- May 12, 1977
FF2920	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Board of Trustees -- Report -- “Fiscal Year 2000 Operating and Capital Budget” -- May 17, 1999
FF2921	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Booklet -- Posner Memorial Collection -- Invitation -- 1992
FF2922	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Booklet -- Society for he Advancement of Management -- Pittsburgh Chapter -- 1953-1954
FF2923	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brochure -- Alumni Weekend -- 1991
FF2924	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brochure -- Carnegie Symposium on Cognition -- 1976
FF2925	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brochure -- University of Trento -- Summer School in Computable Economics -- Program - 2000
FF2926	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- “Concept Attainment: Tests of the EPAM Theory Perception and Memory” -- Testing Protocol -- Concept Forms -- 1997
FF2927	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- “Face Categorization Study -- Concept Forms -- Instructions -- 1999
FF2928	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Graphic Material -- N.D. 
 
Box 37 - Continued
FF2929	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Paper -- “Mathematical Models for Categorization Tasks” -- Gluck, Staszewski, Richman, Simon, and Delahanty - 2000
FF2930	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Reference Material -- Articles -- 1994, 1997
FF2931	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Brunswik Faces Project -- Stepwise Regression on Brunswik ErrRates -- September 16, 1999
FF2932	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bulletin -- American Academy Of Arts And Sciences -- 1999
FF2933	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Institute -- Conflict of Interest Disclosure Statement -- 1993
FF2934	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Correspondence -- Dykstra -- 1979
FF2935	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Memorandum -- Miscellaneous -- 1987
FF2936	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- notes -- “Formal Solutions for the Reel Problem -- N.D.
FF2937	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Causality -- Outline -- “Causal Asymmetry” -- Simon -- March 1982
FF2938	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Chess Match between CHESS 4.5  and Levy -- April 1, 1977
FF2939	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Correspondence -- Comments on “Reply to Vincente and Wang” -- 1998
FF2940	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Graphic Material -- Tikhomirow Position -- 1968
FF2941	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Report -- “Programme Playing Chess: A Report on the Symposium ‘Theory and Computing Methods in the Upper Mantle Problem’” -- Adelson-Velskiy -- Arlasarov and Uskov -- 1965
FF2942	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Community Service Questionnaire -- 1991
FF2943	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Complexity -- Reference List -- N.D.
FF2944	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Emeritus Life Trustee -- 1981-1988
FF2945	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Letters of Condolence - 2001
FF2946	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- Shen -- 1997
FF2947	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- St. Clair -- Smart Web Exhibits Grant -- October 2, 1999
FF2948	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Correspondence -- University of California -- 1958, 1963, 1967, 1970
FF2949	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-710: Cognitive Core Course -- Memorandum -- 1984
FF2950	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-710: Cognitive Core Course -- Syllabus -- Fall 1984 
 
Box 37 - Continued
FF2951	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-710: Cognitive Core Course -- Syllabus -- Exam -- Fall 1990
FF2952	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-710: Cognitive Core Course -- Syllabus -- Exam -- Slide -- Fall -- 1991
FF2953	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-710: Cognitive Core Course -- Syllabus -- Exam -- Fall 1992
FF2954	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-710: Cognitive Core Course -- Syllabus -- Exam -- Fall 1994
FF2955	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-710: Cognitive Core Course -- Syllabus -- Exam -- Fall -- 1995
FF2956	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-706: Cognitive Core Course -- Outline -- Fall 2000
FF2957	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Course Materials -- 85-411, 95-711, 15-880: Cognitive Psychology and Problem Solving -- Exam -- Fall 1999
FF2958	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Coure Materials -- 80-300: Minds, Machines and Knowledge -- Syllabus -- 1999
FF2959	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Coures Materials -- World Problem Handouts -- N.D.
FF2960	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- APA Salary Survey -- MemmoRANDum -- Tables -- April 13, 1992
FF2961	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Faculty Candidate -- Lewis - **Restricted Files** - 2000
FF2962	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Review for Promotion -- Kotovsky -- Publications -- 1963, 1973, 1997
FF2963	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Review for Reappointment -- Alibali - **Restricted Files** -- 1996, 1998
FF2964	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Directory -- Computer Files -- 1996
FF2965	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Excerpt -- “The Relevance of Mathematics to Conrtolled Experimentation n Sociology” -- Festinger -- International Social Science Bulletin -- 1954
FF2966	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Faculty in Artificial Intelligence -- List -- Fall 1980
FF2967	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industiral Administration (GSIA) -- 10th Anniversary Celebrartion -- Program -- April 21-22, 1960
FF2968	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- 50th Anniversary Celebration -- Program -- Presentation by Cooper and Simon -- April 23-25, 1999
FF2969	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Artilce -- “A Reunion Worth Noting” -- Author Unknown -- Pittsburgh Business Times-Journal -- May 6-12, 1985
FF2970	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- “Comments on GSIA Meeting” -- Simon -- December 9, 1992 
 
Box 37 - Continued
FF2971	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Coures Materials -- GI-501: Administration and Business Policy -- Class Notes -- UCLA School of Business Administration -- 1959-1961
FF2972	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- The Eight Annual Proffessional Conference for Alumni -- Program -- June 7-8, 1963
FF2973	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GISA) -- Exam -- Applied Mathematics Examination for PHD Candidates -- 1964
FF2974	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GISA) -- Memorandum -- September 19, 1962
FF2975	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GISA) -- Resignation Letter -- August 8, 1973
FF2976	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GISA) -- “Strategic Planning Committee Report” -- Memorandum -- April 10, 2000
FF2977	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graphic Material -- Project Unknown -- N.D.
FF2978	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- HBG Herclitean Biology Group -- Web Page -- Correspondence -- 1998
FF2979	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Herbert Simon Award for Best Dissertation in Behavioral Research in Administrative Science -- Memorandum -- 1995, 1998-1999
FF2980	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Herbert Simon Chair -- Memorandum -- 1992
FF2981	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Katona Match Stick Problem -- Protocol Study -- N.D. 
FF2982	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- List -- American Psychological Society, William James Award Recipients -- N.D.
FF2983	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- List -- Computer Directory -- N.D.
FF2984	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University  - List -- Docotral Students -- 1994, 1996, 2000
FF2985	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Manual -- Quickstart: Using MacSLIP  at Carnegie Mellon -- January 9, 1996
FF2986	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorandum -- Course Related Questions -- December  2000
FF2987	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorandum -- Evaluation of Jaime Carbonell - **Restricted Files** - July 31, 2000
FF2988	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorandum -- Job Search -- in Psychology Department -- Anderson - **Restricted Files** - February 2000
FF2989	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorandum -- On Romanticism -- Hayes -- June 7,1978
FF2990	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorandum -- Research Funds from President’s ContigencyAccount -- 1991-1992
 
Box 37 - Continued
FF2991	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorandum -- Social Sciences Proposal -- Keech -- September 7, 1999
FF2992	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorandum -- University Fiscal Model -- November 21, 1994
FF2993	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- National Research Council -- “Panel on ONR Research Opportunities in Behavioral Sciences” -- Report -- 1991
FF2994	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Newsletter -- H&SS NEWS -- Spring 1995
Box 38
Carnegie Mellon University

FF2995	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- EPAM Related Material -- N.D.
FF2996	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- “Goals for CMU” -- 1991
FF2997	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Graphic Material -- Miscellaneous -- N.D. 
FF2998	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Historical Statistics -- 1963
FF2999	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes- Miscellaneous -- N.D.
FF3000	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Program for Reasoning Problems -- Simon -- 1962
FF3001	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Quine’s Problem -- 1962
FF3002	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Sequence Extrapolation -- Notebook -- 1974
FF3003	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Notes -- Temperatue over Time -- Notebook -- 1949, 1960, 1995
FF3004	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Office of Naval Research -- Selected Research Opportunities -- Memorandum -- 1979
FF3005	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline - “AI and NI” -- N.D.
FF3006	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- Conversation Topics with Jerry Cohon -- October 28, 1998
FF3007	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline --“Education in Computer Science” -- June 17, 1993
FF3008	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- “Evaluation Functions in Heuristic Search” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF3009	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- “Innovation in Educational Technology” -- N.D. 
FF3010	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- “Lessons form Computer for Organization Theory” -- N.D.
FF3011	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- “Machines Think” -- N.D.
FF3012	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- Program for Executives -- “The Impact  of Science and Technology on Man’s View of Himself” -- Simon -- April 20, 1965
 
Box 38 - Continued
FF3013	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- “Reasoning and Thinking” -- N.D.
FF3014	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- “Search with Constraints” -- N.D.
FF3015	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- “Taxes and Government” -- N.D.
FF3016	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline --“Theoretical AI” -- March 10, 1987
FF3017	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- Title Unknown -- N.D. 
FF3018	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- “Understanding the Natural and Artificial Worlds” -- “ The Psychology of Thinking” -- “The Science of Design” -- N.D.
FF3019	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- “University Excellence” -- May 18, 1978
FF3020	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- “Visual Reasoning in Learning” -- N.D. 
FF3021	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- “What is a Representation of Reality” -- N.D.
FF3022	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Outline -- “What have WE Learned about Diagrams” -- N.D.
FF3023	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- What Has Made Carnegie Mellon Unique and Productive? -- Author Unknown -- N.D.
FF3024	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Cognitive Processes and the Search for Meaning” -- Klahr- Don Hadash Talk -- 1997
FF3025	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “A Complete Unification Algorithm for Associative-Commutative Functions” -- Stickel -- CMU -- June 1975
FF3026	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Paper -- “Hydra: The Kernel of A Multiprocessor Operating System” -- Cohen, Corwin, Jones, Levin, Pierson, Pollack -- June 1973
FF3027	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “IPL-II: Notes on IPL-II Instruction List” -- Newell -- Original Mimeograph -- January 27, 1957
FF3028	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “IPL-V: Elementary Problems in IPL-V” -- Tonge -- Photocopy Mimeograph -- Spring 1961
FF3029	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “IPL-III” -- Newell -- Original Mimeograph -- August 28, 1957
FF3030	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “GPS: Outline of Program 7” -- October 28, 1957
FF3031	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Memory System of a Problem Soiver Generator” -- Sirovich -- September 1972
FF3032	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Modeling Analogical Problem Solving in a Production System Architecture” -- Salvucci and Anderson -- July 1, 1996
FF3033	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “On Complex Systems” -- Simon -- N.D.
 
Box 38 - Continued
FF3034	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper --“ Protocol Analysis as a Task for Artificial Intelligence” -- Waterman and Newell -- Second International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence -- May 24, 1971
FF3035	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Spatiotemporal Dynamics of Illusory Contour Formation in Early Visual Cortex” -- Nguyen and Lee -- N.D.
FF3036	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “State of Social Systems at CMU” -- Krackhardt, Carley, and Lehoczky -- N.D.
FF3037	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper --“Some Observations on Computer Systems” -- Simon -- February 1956
FF3038	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Paper -- “Symbolic Techniques for Formally Verifying Industrial Systems” -- Campos, Clarke, and Minea -- SCIENCE OF COMPUTER PROGRAMMING -- June 18, 1996
FF3039	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE ASSOCIATION -- Membership Renewal -- 1995
FF3040	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Chess -- Simon and Newell -- 1964, 1973
FF3041	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Photographs -- COGNITIVE PSYCHOLOGY -- N.D. 
FF3042	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Photographs -- Early Computers -- 1952
FF3043	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Correspondence -- Nickles -- August 22, 1980
FF3044	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Problem Solving -- Paper -- “The Mechanisms of Human Problem Solving’ -- Newell and Simon -- Notes -- Outline -- Draft -- 1956-1957
FF3045	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Program -- Elliot Dunlap Smith Memorial -- April 5, 1976
FF3046	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- C-Read-Image -- November 4, 1992
FF3047	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- KEKADA- ND
FF3048	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- Mahtematica Code -- Floppy Disk -- 1996
FF3049	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- TCTICAL -- Paulson -- Book Excerpt -- 1997
FF3050	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- Tower of Hanoi -- 1977
FF3051	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #1-5 -- 1957
FF3052	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #6-10 -- 1957
FF3053	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #11-15 -- 1957

 
Box 38 - Continued
FF3054	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #16-20 -- 1957
FF3055	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #21-25 -- 1957
FF3056	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #26-30 -- 1957
FF3057	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #31-35 -- 1957
FF3058	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #36-40 -- 1957
FF3059	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #41-45 -- 1957
FF3060	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #46-50 -- 1957
FF3061	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #51-55 -- 1957
FF3062	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #56 -- 60 -- 1957
FF3063	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Data -- Subject #61-64 -- 1957
FF3064	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Explanation Notecards -- Deck RC 1957
FF3065	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Notecards -- 1957
FF3066	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- O.K. Moore Problem -- Protocols -- Paper --1957-1960, 1964
FF3067	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Protocols -- Subject #2-5 -- 1957-1958
FF3068	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Coding Problem Experiments -- Protocols - Subject #8-12 -- 1957-1959

Box 39
Carnegie Mellon University

FF3069	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Administrative Roster, Academia Sinica -- Correspondence -- N.D. 
FF3070	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Algebra Word Problem Experiments -- Paper -- “A Discovery-Oriented Logic Model” -- Pei and Cho-Chun -- 1986-1989
 
Box 39 - Continued
FF3071	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Article --“Learning from Examples and by Doing” -- Zhu and Simon -- Cognition And Instruction 4:3 -- 1987
FF3072	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- book Draft -- CONTEMPORARY THEORY ON Cognitive Study And Its Application -- Zhu, Lee, Zhu -- 1995
FF3073	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples --Chinese Language Protocols -- N.D. 
FF3074	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Correspondence -- Notes -- Paper -- “Interdisciplinary Work in Science” -- Simon -- 1983-1984, 1986
FF3075	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Geometry Problem Protocols -- 1987
FF3076	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Geometry Problem Sheeets -- Reference Materials -- 1988
FF3077	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Handout -- Lesson 3: Conversation between an American Student of Chinese and a Chinese Professor in the PRC -- N.D.
FF3078	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Manuscript -- “Curriculum Design for Learning from Examples” -- Zhu, Hoffman, and Simon -- 1988
FF3079	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Manuscript -- “Learning Buoyant Force from Examples and by Doing” -- Author Unknown -- Notes -- 1988
FF3080	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Paper -- “Curriculum Design for Learning from Examples “ -- Zhu, Hoffman and Simon -- June 25, 1990
FF3081	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Paper -- “Digit Span of GRAND Experts in Abacus-derived Mental Computation” -- Hatano and Osawa -- Notes -- N.D.
FF3082	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Reference Material -- Chinese Language Problem Sheets -- N.D.
FF3083	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Reference Material -- Manuscript on Learning Materials in Chinese Language -- Chapters -- c.1987
FF3084	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples --reference Material -- Protocols in Chinese Language -- c.1987
FF3085	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project and Work Materials -- Learning from Examples -- Workbook -- Ellis School: Learning Algebra Puzzle Problems from Examples -- 1988
FF3086	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols - Algebra Word Problems -- List -- Subject #1, 15-24 -- 1964-1965
 
Box 39 - Continued
FF3087	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols- Algebra Word Problems -- Notes -- 1964
FF3088	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols - Algebra Word Problems -- Practice Question Cards -- N.D. 
FF3089	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols - Algebra Word Problems -- Subject List -- Transcripts -- 1964
FF3090	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Chess Position Experiments -- Baylor -- “Perceptual Processes in Chess” -- “Machinatins” -- Move by Move Analysis -- 1960
FF3091	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Chess Position Experiments -- Book Excerpt -- Author Unknown -- N.D.
FF3092	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Chess Position Experiments -- de Groot -- Paper Excerpt -- ‘Extracurricular Achievements of Chessmasters” -- Comments by Simon -- N.D.
FF3093	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Chess Position Experiments -- de Groot:Het Denken Van De Schaker -- 1938
FF3094	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Chess Position Experiments -- de Groot and Frijda Thought and Memory Experiments -- 1961
FF3095	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Chess Position Experiments -- Horowitz Playing White, Problem D1 -- October 30, 1959
FF3096	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Chess Position Experiments -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Chess Position Experiments -- Subject #1 -- February 2, 1958
FF3097	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Chess Position Experiments -- Subject #2 -- 1958
FF3098	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Chess Position Experiments -- Summerhill -- 1959
FF3099	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- “Completeness of Protocols” -- 1981
FF3100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Computer Printout -- 1973-1974
FF3101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols --M&C Understanding and Recall -- Subject #13-26 -- N.D.
FF3102	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Miscellaneous -- N.D.

Box 40
Carnegie Mellon University

FF3103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Student Projects -- 1969
FF3104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Student Projects -- Cohen -- “A Collaborative Model for Providing Intelligent Computer Assistance to Experts in Decision Making and Design, Vol 2: Transcripts of Stage 1 and Stage 2 Protocols, Section 1 and 2 -- 1984, 1988, 1990
 
Box 40 - Continued
FF3105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Protocols -- Student Projects -- Cohen -- “A Collaborative Model for Providing Intelligent Computer Assistance to Experts in Decision Making and Design, Vol 2: Transcripts of Stage 1 and Stage 2 Protocols, Section 3 -- 1984, 1988, 1990
FF3106	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Projects -- Gerritsen -- Psychology Experiments -- Notebook -- 1974
FF3107	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Projects -- Qin -- Algebra Protocol Transcript -- Subject Bob -- N.D.
FF3108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Projects -- Qin -- Algebra Protocol Transcript -- Subject Steven -- N.D.
FF3109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Projects -- Qin -- Paper -- “Protocol Analysis of Learning from Examples to Solve Algebra Word Problems” -- November 17, 1988
FF3110	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Projects -- Samsel -- Problem Soving at Bridge Experiment -- Casettes -- 1973
FF3111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Ramsey Eliminability -- Correspondence -- Papers -- Reference Articles -- 1968, 1977
FF3112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Experiment Questions -- N.D.
FF3113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- ‘General Information on Computers nad the Handicapped” -- Brochure -- 1983
FF3114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Reference Material -- Project Unknown -- Notes -- Graphic Material -- Articles -- 1995, 2000
FF3115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Report -- Accident Report Form -- Correspondence -- August 1992
FF3116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Report -- “Criteria for Appointment and Promotion of Faculty” -- Simon - **Restricted Files** - November 8, 1997
FF3117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Report -- “Digital Library Plan 2000-2007” -- St Clair, Linke, Richards -- 1999-2000
FF3118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Report -- “The Economic Impact of the Regional Renaissance Initiative’ -- CMU, Duquesne University, University of Pittsburgh, Price Waterhouse -- October 1997
FF3119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Report -- “Problem-Solving Behavior with the 8-Puzzle” -- Ericsson -- 1974
FF3120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- The Role Models Probram -- 1998-1999 Annual Report -- 1999
FF3121	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Schedule  - Engagements: 1999-2000 -- 1999
FF3122	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science -- Perlis Professorship -- Memoranda -- 1990-1992
FF3123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Abstract -- “The Problem Behavior Map as Cognitive-Histirical Analysis -- Duncan and Tweney -- “Thinking the Lines” -- N.D.
 
Box 40 - Continued
FF3124	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Commentary -- “From Historical Case Studies to Systematic Methods of Discovery” -- Grasshoff and May -- Review by Simon -- 1995, 1997
FF3125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Correspondence -- Alcaras -- 1998
FF3126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Correspondence -- Grasshoff -- 1996, 1998
FF3127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Correspondence -- Han -- 1992 - 
FF3128	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Correspondence -- Holmes -- 1992, 1997
FF3129	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Correspondence -- Tweney -- 1997-1998
FF3130	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- “Notes on the Causal Relations between Representations and Experiments’ -- Draft -- N.D.
FF3131	Simon, Herbert A. - Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Paper --“The Process of Scientific Discovery: The Strategy of Experimentation” -- Kulkarni and Simon -- 1986
FF3132	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Paper -- “Testing Comuter models of Scientific Discovery” -- Kulkarni and Simon -- 1997
FF3133	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Scientific Discovery -- Reference Material -- Book Excerpt -- The Eight Day Of Creation --Judson -- 1996
FF3134	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Speech -- Advice for Graduate Students -- N.D.
FF3135	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Speech -- “Computer Architecture” -- May 1, 1984
FF3136	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Speech --“The Daily Newspaper’s Place in a Modern Information System” -- Simon -- Annual Conference of American Society of Newspaper Editors -- April 18, 1969
FF3137	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Speech -- “Look, Don’t Think” -- August  2, 1993
FF3138	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Speech -- Talk on the River Boat -- Perliss -- N.D.
FF3139	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Assignment -- “An Outline of the Match Routine of the Heuristic Compiler” -- Witt -- Programming Instructions -- April 1965
FF3140	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Thesis -- “Computer Program Organization Induced by Problem Examples” -- Williams -- 1969
FF3141	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- “Automated Acuisition of Hierarchical Decomposition Graphs for Continous State Space Reinforcement Learning” -- Ulther -- 1998
FF3142	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Transcript -- Interview with Herb Simon -- N.D.
FF3143	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Transcript -- Unknown Occasion -- N.D.
 
Box 40 - Continued
FF3144	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Turing Nomination Letter for Raj Reddy -- Memorandum -- 1994-1995
FF3145	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Videotape Processing Logs -- N.D.
FF3146	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “The Architecture of Complexity” -- Simon -- Proceedings Of American Philosophical Society 106:6 -- GSIA Reprint #113 -- Outline -- 1962
FF3147	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “Business Firm Growth and Size” -- Ijiri and Simon -- American Economic Review 54:2 -- GSIA -- Reprint #159 -- Manuscript -- 1964
FF3148	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “Comment: Firm Size and Rate of Growth” -- Simon -- Journal Of Political Economy 72:1 -- February 1964
FF3149	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “A Committee Report on Schizophrenic Language” -- Parks -- Behavioral Science 6:1 -- January 1961
FF3150	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “Effects of Mergers and Acquisitions on Business Firm Concentration” -- Ijiri and Simon -- Journal Of Political Economy 79”2 -- 1971
FF3151	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “Entry, Gibrat’s Law, innovation, and the Growth of Firms” -- Mansfield -- The American Economic Review -  December 1962
FF3152	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “Final Note on a Class of Skew Distribution Functions: Analysis and Critique of a Model due to H,A. Simon” -- Mandelbrot -- Information And Control -- 1961
FF3153	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “Firm Size and Rate of Growth” -- Hymer and Pashigian -- Journal Of Political Economy 70:6 -- 1962
FF3154	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “A Model of Business Firm Growth’- Ijiri and Simon -- Econometrica 35:2 -- April 1967
FF3155	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “A Note on a Class of Skew Distribution Functions: Anaylsis and Critique of a Paper by H.A. Simon’ -- Mandelbrot -- Information And Control 2:1 -- March 1959
FF3156	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “On a Class of Skew Distribution Functions” -- Simon -- Biometrika 42 -- Commentary -- Draft -- Notes -- 1955
FF3157	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “Post Scriptum to ‘Final Note’” -- Mandelbrot -- Information And Control 4 -- Draft -- 1961
FF3158	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “Reply to Dr. Mandelbrot’s Post Scriptum” -- Simon -- Information And Control 4:2-3 -- Draft -- 1961
FF3159	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “Reply to ‘Final Note’ by Benoit Mandelbrot” -- Simon -- Information And Control -- Draft -- Galley -- 1961
 
Box 40 - Continued
FF3160	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “The Size Distributions of Business Firms” -- Simon and Bonini -- The New American Economic Review 48:4 -- September 1958
FF3161	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “Some Further Notes on a Class of Skew Distribution Functions” -- Simon -- Information And Control 3:1 -- March 1960
FF3162	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Article -- “Some Monte Carlo Estimates of the Yule Distribution’ -- Simon and Van Wormer -- Behavioral Science -- Draft -- Notes -- 1962-1963
FF3163	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Book Review -- Models Of Man -- Simon -- Reviw by Mosteller -- Published in American Sociological Review 24:3 -- June 1959
FF3164	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Correspondence -- Bishop -- 1959
FF3165	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Correspondence -- Econmetrica -- 1972
FF3166	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Correspondence -- Elias -- Information And Control -- 1960-1961
FF3167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Correspondence -- howes -- 1962-1963
FF3168	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Correspondence -- Mandelbrot -- 1953-1954, 1960-1961
FF3169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Correspondence -- Parks -- 1961-1963
FF3170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Data -- Notes -- Graphic Material -- 1961
FF3171	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Manuscript -- “The Yule Process as an Explanation of Word Frequency Data” -- Simon -- Reply to the Paper by Herdan -- Applied Statistics -- 1962-1963
FF3172	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Notes -- Yule distribution -- 1961-1963
FF3173	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Paper -  An Examination of some Models of Language Statistics -- Parks and Dickinson -- N.D.
FF3174	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Paper -- “On Recurrent Noise Limiting Coding” -- Mandelbrot -- Symposium on Information Networks, NY -- April 12-14, 1954
FF3175	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Paper -- “Theorie Informationnelle de Quelques Proprietes Stucturales et Statistiques Des Langues” -- Mandelbrot -- July 1953
FF3176	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Yule Studies -- Reference Material -- Article -- 1963, 1965
 
Series VI. Consulting -- 1942-2000
Box 41
Consulting

FF3177	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- The Bernard Society -- Correspondence -- 1986-1988, 1991
FF3178	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- The Bernard Society -- Pamphlet -- 1986
FF3179	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- The Bernard Society -- Reference Material -- Publicaitons of Chester I. Bernard -- 1939-1941, 1944, 1950
FF3180	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Bureau of Census -- Travel Documents -- 1947
FF3181	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Canada Council -- Assessment Forms -- 1971
FF3182	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Chrysler Study -- Reference Material -- Notes -- Publications -- 1953-1954
FF3183	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Book -- The Cowles Commisison In Chicago 1939-1955 -- Hildredth -- Beckmann and Krelle, eds. -- 1986 
FF3184	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics  -- Correspondence -- 1949-1954
FF3185	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Correspondence -- Koopmans -- 1949-1953
FF3186	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Correspondence -- Marschak- 1949-1954
FF3187	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Correspondence -- Shepherd -- January 10, 1952
FF3188	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper : Economics No. 213 -- “Some Models for the Study of the Economic Effects of Technological Change” -- December 16, 1947
FF3189	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper : Economics No. 247 -- “Invention and Cost Reduction in Technological Change” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF3190	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper : Economics No.281 -- “Administrative Aspects of Allocative Efficiency” -- Simon -- April 25, 1950
FF3191	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper : Economics No. 284 -- “The Coefficent of Resource-Utilization” -- Debreu -- May 29, 1950
FF3192	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper : Economics No. 286 -- “A Formal Theory of the Employment Relationship” -- Simon -- 1950
FF3193	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper : Economics No.287 -- “ Compairson of Organization Theories” -- Simon -- Notes -- Correspondence -- 1950-1952
FF3194	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper : Economics No.2038 -- “Some Considerations on the Expectation and Planning Horizon Relevant to Entrepreneurial Decisions” -- Modigliani -- April 11, 1952
 
Box 41 - Continued
FF3195	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper : Economics No.2084 -- “Decision-Making in a Non-Neutral World” -- Tornqvist -- July 8, 1953
FF3196	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No. 407 -- “Quadratic Forms Definite under Linear Constraints” -- Debreu -- August 13, 1951
FF3197	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No. 408 -- “Definite and Semi-Definite Quadratic Forms” -- Debreu -- September 6, 1951
FF3198	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No.409 -- “Remark on Properties of Nonegative Matrices” -- Anderson -- October 1, 1951
FF3199	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No.410 -- “Positive and Nonnegative Matrices I” -- Herstein -- October 2, 1951
FF3200	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No. 411 -- “Some Theorems on the Combinatioral Ranks of Matrices” -- Simon -- November 29, 1951
FF3201	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No. 412 -- “Saddle Point Existence Theorems” -- Debreu -- January 4, 1951
FF3202	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No. 413 -- “Indecomposable, Nonnegative matrices” -- Wielandt -- February 5, 1952
FF3203	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No. -- 414 -- “Nonnegative, Indecomposable Matrices” -- Debreu, Herstein -- N.D.
FF3204	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No. 415  - “The Minkowski-Farkas Lemma for Bounded Linear Transformations in Banach Spaces” -- Hurwicz -- July 16, 1952
FF3205	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No.416 -- “Minkowski-Farkas Lemma in Banach Spaces” -- Hurwicz -- October 17, 1952
FF3206	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No.417 -- “Nonnegative Square Matrices” -- Debreu, Herstein -- October 1, 1952
FF3207	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No.419 -- “An Index to Some Banach Space Definitions and Results” -- Herstein -- March 16, 1953
FF3208	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No.421 -- “Some General Mean Value Operations, and Matrice-Operations Related to ‘Min’ and ‘Max’ Operations” -- Tornqvist -- April 9, 1953
 
Box 41 - Continued
FF3209	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No. 422 -- “How to Find Optimal Admissible Summations Ways” -- Tornqvist -- April 28, 1953
FF3210	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Mathematics No.423 -- “Seperation Theorems for Convex Sets” -- Debreu -- June 2, 1953
FF3211	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Statistics No. 353 -- “The Causal Principle and the Identification Problem” -- Simon -- December 19, 1950
FF3212	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper: Statistics No. 359 -- “Comments on Causality and Identification” -- Koopmans -- March 21, 1951
FF3213	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Mailing List -- 1953
FF3214	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Memorandum -- Modigliani -- April 19, 1954
FF3215	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Paper -- Comments and Memoranda for Simon’s Discussion Paper -- “Spurious Correlation: A Causal Interpretation” -- 1953
FF3216	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Paper -- “An Exploration into the Use of Servomechanism Theroy in the Study of Production Control’ -- Simon -- Notes- 1950
FF3217	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Paper -- “Four Equivalent Linear-Convex Problems” -- Gale, Kuhn, Tucker -- N.D.
FF3218	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Paper -- “On the Definition of the Causal Relation” -- Simon -- 1952
FF3219	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Paper -- “Organization Theory in Miniature” -- Newell and Kruskal -- 1951
FF3220	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Paper -- “The Problem of Aggregation’ --New  Series, No. 19 -- 1947
FF3221	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Paper -- “Suggestions Towards a Model for the Study of Stability  and Change in Social Structure’ -- Simon -- N.D.
FF3222	Simon, Herbert A. -  Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Outline -- “The Influence of Income and Prices on Demand with Special Reference to Meat” -- Marschak -- 1943
FF3223	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Report -- Activities Information for Annual Reports -- Correspondence -- Memorandum -- 1949-1954
FF3224	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Report -- Progress Report on Decision Making Under Uncertainty -- 1953-1954
FF3225	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Report -- Project Report on the Theory of Resource Allocation -- RAND Corporation -- 1950-1952
 
Box 41 - Continued
FF3226	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Reports of Research Activities -- 1942-1951
FF3227	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- Reports of Research Activities -- 1932-1967
FF3228	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- “Research Notebook” -- 1949-1951
FF3229	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- “Research Notebook” -- Memorandum -- “Decision Making Under Uncertainity” -- Outline -- c.1951
FF3230	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- “Research Notebook” -- Outline -- “Optional Properties of Decentralized Economic Systems” -- Hurwicz -- June 10, 1951
FF3231	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- “Research Notebook” -- Paper -- “The Note of Profit Maximization in Dynamic Economic Theory” -- c.1951
FF3232	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics --“Research Notebook” -- Paper -- ‘Profit Maximization and the Autonomy of Motives” -- Cooper and Simon -- N.D.
FF3233	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics --Study of Economic Aspects of Atomic Energy -- Abstract -- Outline -- Industry and Fuels -- N.D.
FF3234	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics --Study of Economic Aspects of Atomic Energy -- Correspondence -- Minutes -- Tables -- 1947-1949
FF3235	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics --Study of Economic Aspects of Atomic Energy -- Book Chapter -- “Atomic Power and the Industrialization of Backward Areas” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF3236	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics --Study of Economic Aspects of Atomic Energy -- Book Chapter -- “Effects of Atomic Power on the Economy of a Region or a Nation” -- N.D.
FF3237	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics --Study of Economic Aspects of Atomic Energy -- “A Review of the Possibilities of Soil-Less Food Production” -- Meier -- December 29, 1947
FF3238	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics --Table of Contents for Econometric Methods -- 1951
FF3239	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics at Yale University -- Discussion Paper No. 1929 -- “Tjalling Charles Koopmans” -- Scarf -- September 1992
FF3240	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Economic Corporation Administration -- Proposal -- Charts -- Notes -- Correspondence -- 1948
FF3241	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Advisory Group on Economics and the Behavioral Science -- Reports -- Memoranda -- 1951-1953
FF3242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Behavioral Science Division -- Mathematical Training of Social Scientists -- Correspondence -- Memoranda -- 1952
 
Box 41 - Continued
FF3243	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Behavioral Science Division -- Report -- June 1953
FF3244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Behavioral Sciences Program -- Proposed Plan for the Development of the Behavioral Sciences Program -- Preliminary Draft -- November 1951
FF3245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Faculty Research Fellowship in Business Administration or Economics -- Application Form -- 1956
FF3246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Ford Project Discussion Paper List -- N.D.
FF3247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Ford Project Discussion Paper No. 1 -- “Organizational Structure and Pricing Behavior in an Oligopolistic Market” -- Cyert and March -- May 4, 1954
FF3248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Ford Project Discussion Paper No. 2 -- “An Introduction to the Theory and Measurement of Influence” -- March -- July 1, 1954
FF3249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Ford Project Discussion Paper No. 3 -- “An Experimental Study of Influence Measurement” -- March -- May 1955
FF3250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Ford Project Discussion Paper No. 4 -- “Organizational Factors in the Theory of Oligopoly” -- Cyert and March -- May 1955
FF3251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Foundation for Management Education -- Seminar on Management Education -- Its Analytical Content, Problems and Future -- London, UK -- July 11-August 5, 1966
FF3252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- General -- GSIA Course Material -- 1952, 1954-1955, 1960
FF3253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- XIIth International Congress of Scientific Manatgement (CIOS) -- Sydney-Melbourne, Australia -- India Trip -- 1959-1960
FF3254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Research Colloquium for Business Scholl Deans -- Dartmouth College -- August 31-September 4, 1959
FF3255	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- “Research on Organizations in the Graduate School of Industrial Administration CIT: Report on Activities 1952-1960” -- Report -- January 1, 1961
FF3256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Cowles Commission on Research in Economics -- Discussion Paper : Mathematics No. 406 -- “A Theorem on Characteristic Roots” -- Herstein -- July 23, 1951

Box 42
Consulting

FF3257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Research Program on Behavior in Human Organizations -- GSIA Proposal -- 1950-1952
FF3258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- “Research Program on Business Decisions” -- Ford Project #2 -- April 6, 1955
 
Box 42 - Continued
FF3259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Restricted Working Paper #1 -- Minutes of Project #2 Meeting -- Haberstroh --March 11, 1955
FF3260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Restricted Working Papers #2 -- Minutes of Project #2 Meeting -- Trow -- March 15, 1955
FF3261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation --Restricted Working Papers #3 -- Interview Schedule-Executive Group -- Haberstroh -- April 16, 1955
FF3262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Restricted Working Paper #4 -- “General Purpose Spiel” -- Trow -- April 18, 1955
FF3263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Restricted Working Paper -- Minutes of Project #2 Meeting -- Hart -- june 21, 1955
FF3264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation --Restricted Working Papers #5 -- Minutes of Project #2 Meeting  - Hart -- December 15, 1955
FF3265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation --Restricted Working Papers #6 -- “Cast for National Supply Co. Story” -- Hart -- December 15, 1955
FF3266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation --Restricted Working Papers #7 -- “Summary of the National Supply E.D.P. Decision Process to 12/11/55: Part I” -- Trow -- January 4, 1956
FF3267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation --Restricted Working PapersRestricted Working Paper #8 -- Ford Project #2 Staff Meeting -- Haberstroh -- January 16, 1956
FF3268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation --Restricted Working Papers #9 -- “Summary of Data on Slope-Roofing Department Space Problem, Limbach Company’ -- Haberstroh -- January 19, 1956
FF3269	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation --Restricted Working Papers #10 -- Ford Project #2 Staff Meeting -- Florian -- February 23, 1956
FF3270	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation --Restricted Working Papers #11 -- “Summary of Value Statements” -- Houts and Dill -- August 28, 1956
FF3271	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper -- Index -- October 5, 1955
FF3272	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper -- Notes -- 1953
FF3273	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #1 -- “Research into Behavior in Organizations” -- Simon and Guetzkow -- Proposed Program -- February 28, 1952
FF3274	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #2 -- “External Control Groups and Organizational Survival’ -- March -- Draft -- March 3, 1955
FF3275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #3 -- “The Bases of Influence (Revised)” -- March -- November 19, 1953
FF3276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #4 -- “External Control Groups and Organizational Survival” -- March -- November 3, 1953
FF3277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #5 -- “Memo on Cross-Pressures and Role Conflict” -- Mims -- Draft -- November 16, 1953
FF3278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #6 -- “The Bases of Influence (Revised)” -- March -- November 19, 1953
 
Box 42 - Continued
FF3279	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #7 -- “Simple Game Theory Formalization of Organizational Survival” -- March -- December 10, 1053
FF3280	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #8 -  “Memo on Conflict” -- Mims -- December 11, 1953
FF3281	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #9 -- “A Note on the Rule of Anticipated Reactions” -- March -- January 26, 1954
FF3282	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #10 -- “Some Examples of Significant Hypothesis to be Tested in Organizational Research” -- Simon -- February 26, 1954
FF3283	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #11 -- “Proposal for Exploratory Research on the Measurement of Influence’ -- March -- February 9, 1954
FF3284	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #12 -- “Proposal for Exploratory Reserch on the Measurement of Influence (Revised)” -- March -- February 18, 1954
FF3285	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #13 -- “Proposal for Exploratory Research on the Measurement of Influence” (Final Revision) -- March -- March 4, 1954
FF3286	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #14 -- “The Theory of Departmentalization” -- Simon -- March 8, 1954
FF3287	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #15 -- “Memo on Conflict” -- Mims -- March 9, 1954
FF3288	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #16 -- “Functional Analysis and Organizational Theory : I” -- Simon -- April 1, 1954
FF3289	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #17 -- “A Report on Some Papers Delivered at the Ninth Annual Conference on Public Opinion Research” -- March -- April 26, 1954
FF3290	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #18 -- “Functional Analysis and Organizational Theory: II” -- Simon -- April 30, 1954
FF3291	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #19 -- Ford Staff Meeting -- May 25, 1954
FF3292	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #20 -- Ford Staff Meeting -- May 27, 1954
FF3293	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #21 -- Ford Staff Meeting -- June 2, 1954
FF3294	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper # 22 -- Ford Staff Meeting -- June 5, 1954
FF3295	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #23 -- “Memo on Conflict” -- Miims -- June 8, 1954
FF3296	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #24 -- “Theory of Organizational Equilibrium” -- Simon -- June 8, 1954
FF3297	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #25 -- “Some Implications of Problem Solving Process for the Case Method of Instruction” -- Simon -- June 10, 1954
 
Box 42 - Continued
FF3298	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #26 -- “A Note on an Observed Relationship Between the Amount of Concordance Among Pre-Interaction Rankings by Individual Group Members and the Correlation of the Mean Individual Ranking to the Group Ranking Agreed Upon After Interaction” -- July 30, 1954
FF3299	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Papers #27 and #28 -- Ford Project #2 Staff Meeting -- September 1954
FF3300	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Papers #29 and #30 --Ford Project #2 Staff Meeting -- October 1954
FF3301	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #31 -- “Re: Category System for Executive Behavior “ -- Trow -- October 15, 1954
FF3302	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #32 -- “The Concept of Task: Definition and Dimensions” -- Dill -- October 15, 1954
FF3303	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #33 -- “Some Propositions Culled From PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION” -- Simon -- October 20, 1954
FF3304	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #34 -- “Some Operational Elaboration of Discussion Paper #1” -- Cyert and March -- October 20, 1954
FF3305	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #35 -- “Basic Problems of Coding Behavior in Organizations” -- Haberstroh -- October 22, 1954
FF3306	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #36 -  Staff Meeting -- October 20, 1954 -- October 26, 1954
FF3307	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #37 -- Ford Project Meeting -- October 29, 1964 p November 1, 1954
FF3308	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #38 -- Ford Project #2 Staff Meeting -- November 5, 1954 -- November 8, 1954
FF3309	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #39 -- Ford Project # Staff Meeting -- November 12, 1954 -- November 15, 1954
FF3310	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #40 -- “Organizatins” -- Simon -- November 16, 1954
FF3311	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #41 -- “Some Experiments in Coding Protocols ofGroup Discussions” -- Simon -- November 4, 1954
FF3312	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #42 -- Staff Meeting Notes -- November 19, 1954 -- November 19, 1954
FF3313	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #43 -- “Dissonance” -- Haberstroh -- December 1, 1954
FF3314	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #44 -- “Outline of a Code for the Cross Sectional or Longitudinal Study of Decision-Making” -- Trow -- December 3, 1954
FF3315	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #45 -- Ford Project #2 Conference Minutes- December 3, 1954 -- December 8, 1954
FF3316	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #46 -- Ford Project #2 Staff Meeting -- December 10, 1954 -- December 18, 1954
 
Box 42 - Continued
FF3317	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #47 -- Chapter 3, Part 1, Draft 1 -- March -- January 18, 1955
FF3318	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #48 -- Staff Conference Minutes -- December 17, 1954 -- February 4, 1955
FF3319	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #49 -- “Content and Kissonance Coding” -- Haberstroh -- January 31, 1955
FF3320	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #50 -- Minutes of Ford #2 Meeting -- February 4, 1955 -- February 10, 1955
FF3321	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #51 -- “Decision Sequences in the Development of a New Enterprise” -- Simon -- February 19, 1955
FF3322	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #52 -- Ford Project #2 Staff Meeting -- March 1, 1955 -- March 2, 1955
FF3323	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #53 -- “Initial Interviews” -- Gaberstroh -- March 2, 1955
FF3324	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #54 -- “Study of Decision Making in Business Organizations (Project #2) -- Objectives and Procedures” -- Simon, et al. -- March 30, 1955
FF3325	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #55 -- “Psychometrics on Ford #2” -- Hollander -- May 13, 1955
FF3326	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #56 -- Chapter 3, Part 2, Draft 1 -- March -- July 12, 1955
FF3327	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #58 -- “Introductiory Statement for Theory of Organizations” -- Simon -- Draft -- July 21, 1955
FF3328	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #57 -- Chapter VI -- “Cognitive Limits on Rationality” -- Simon -- Draft -- July 15, 1955
FF3329	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #60 -- “Definitions and Propositions for Chapter 1- Units, Levels, a;dn Mechanism” -- Guetzkow and Simon -- October 3, 1955
FF3330	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #61 -- “Operational Design for Tests of Some Hypothesis in Ford Working Paper #57” -- Haberstroh -- October 26, 1955
FF3331	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #62 -- Chapter 4, Part 2, Draft 1 -- March -- November 14, 1955
FF3332	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #63 -- Minutes of Project #2 Meeting -- November 10, 1955 -- November 16, 1955
FF3333	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #65 -- “Task Environment and Task Formation” -- Dill -- November 28, 1955
FF3334	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #66 -- Minutes of Project #2 Meeting -- November 17, 1955  - November 28, 1955
FF3335	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #67 -- Proposed Index from Ford #1 Inventory of Propositions -- Memorandum -- December 1, 1955
FF3336	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #68 -- Minutes of Project #2 Meeting -- December 1, 1955 -- December 8, 1955
 
Box 42 - Continued
FF3337	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #69 -- Minutes of Project #2 Meeting -- December 8, 1955 -- December 8, 1955
FF3338	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #70 -- Chapter VII, Section V, “Organization Level and Innovation” -- Simon -- January 26, 1956
FF3339	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #71 -- Chapter VII, Section VI, “The Planning Process” -- Simon -- Draft -- January 26, 1956
FF3340	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #72 -- Staff Meeting Notes -- February 6, 1956
FF3341	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #73 and #74 -- Ford #2 Staff meeting -- February 9, 1956 -- February 9, 1956
FF3342	Simons, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #75 -- “Processes of Internal Control Firms” -- Haberstoh -- February 27, 1956
FF3343	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #76 -- “Tentative Coding Manual for MeansEnd Attribution” -- Haberstroh -- March 13, 1956
FF3344	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #77 -- “The Impaact of Task Variables on Top-Management Behavior” -- Dill -- March 23, 1956
FF3345	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #78 -- “Projective Tests for Measuing Personality Variables of Executives” -- Haberstroh -- April 17, 1956
FF3346	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #79 -- “Coding Manual for Goal Structure” -- Haberstroh -- May 8, 1956
FF3347	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #80 -- “Analysis of Goal Structure” -- Haberstroh -- June 20, 1956
FF3348	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #81 -- “A Note: The Role of Cost Analysis in Management Decision-Making” -- Kill -- July 23, 1956
FF3349	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #82 -- “The Coding of Conference Transcripts’ -- Trow -- August 17, 1956
FF3350	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #83 -- “Processes of Internal Control in Firms” -- Haberstroh -- October 24, 1956
FF3351	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #84 -- “Proposed Methods of Analysis for Ford II Conference Interaction Code” -- Houts -- November 1956
FF3352	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #85 -- “Psychology and Economics” -- Simon -- August 20, 1956
FF3353	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #86 -- “An Empirical Analysis of the Overt Considerations Made in a Decision Process” -- Feldman and Haberstroh -- N.D.
FF3354	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Ford Foundation -- Working Paper #87 -- “Decision Process Coding” -- Haberstroh -- May 28, 1957
FF3355	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences -- Advisory Committee -- 1953
FF3356	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences --Annual Report -- 1984
FF3357	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences --Curriculum Elements for the Center -- 1953-1954
 
Box 42 - Continued
FF3358	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences --List of Fellows (1954-1961) -- 1961
FF3359	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences Paper -- Plans And The Structure Of Behavior -- Miller, Galanter, Pribram -- Draft --Chapters 108 -- 1959
FF3360	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences Paper -- Plans And The Structure Of Behavior -- Miller, Galanter, Pribram -- Draft -- Chapters 9-15 -- 1959
FF3361	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences Paper --Plans: An Essay In Subjective Behaviorism -- Miller , Galanter, Pribram -- Draft -- 1959
FF3362	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences -- Planning Group -- 1952
FF3363	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences -- Summer workshop on “New Technologies for Cognitive Research” -- 1971 -- 1972
FF3364	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences -- Tentative Fellows for Center -- 1954 -1960
FF3365	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences -- Mathematical Social Science Board (MSSB) -- 1971-1973
FF3366	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences -- Mathematical Social Science Board (MSSB) -- 1974-1975
FF3367	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting --Ford Foundation Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences -- Mathematical Social Science Board (MSSB) -- 1976-1978

Box 43
Consulting

FF3368	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Agricultural Bills and Amendments -- Pennsylvania, New York, California States and Federal -- 193, 1953-1965
FF3369	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief -- Dates and List of Presenters -- Recommendations for Changes in Pennsylvania Milk Control Law -- 1964-1965
FF3370	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief -- The Citizen’s Committee for Fair Milk Prices -- N.D.
FF3371	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief -- County of Allegheny -- December 9, 1964
FF3372	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief -- Dairymen’s League Co-operative Association -- December 10, 1964
FF3373	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief -- Greater Pittsburgh Dairy Industry Association -- October 1964
FF3374	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief -- Inter-State Milk Producers’ Cooperative -- October 1964

 
Box 43 - Continued
FF3375	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief -- The Milk Distribution Association of the Philadelphia Area, Inc. -- N.D.
FF3376	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief --Local Union No. 205 -- N.D.
FF3377	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief -- Pennsylvania Association of Milk Dealers -- N.D.
FF3378	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief -- Pennsylvania Farmers Milk Jugging Association -- October 27, 1964
FF3379	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief --The Pennsylvania Restaurant Association -- January 11, 1965
FF3380	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief -- United Dairy Farmers for Fair Milk Prices to Farmers -- N.D.
FF3381	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Brief --Western Pennsylvania Milk Producers and Keystone Milk Producers’ Association of Western Pennsylvania -- N.D.
FF3382	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Correspondence -- C.W. Pierce (Department of Agricultueal Economics at Penn State University) -- 1964 -- 1966
FF3383	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Correspondence -- Dairy Farmers/Dealers -- 1964-1965
FF3384	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Correspondence -- General Public -- 1964-1966, 1970
FF3385	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Correspondence -- Henry R. Geisinger (Executive Vice-President of the Pennsylvania Association of Milk Dealers) -- 1964-1965
FF3386	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Correspondence -- Miscellaneous -- 1964-1965
FF3387	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Correspondence -- Leland Bull (Secretary of Agriculture) -- 1964-1966
FF3388	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Correspondence --Reference Publicaiton Requests -- 1964
FF3389	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Correspondence --William W. Scranton (Governor) -- 1965-1966
FF3390	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Expense Accounts -- Committeee -- 1964-1967
FF3391	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Expense Accounts -- Miller -- 1964-1965
FF3392	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Expense Accounts -- Farabaugh -- 1964-1965
FF3393	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Expense Accounts -- Roger -- 1964-1965
FF3394	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Expense Accounts -- Simon -- 1964-1965
FF3395	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Expense Accounts -- Williams -- 1964-1965
 
Box 43 - Continued
FF3396	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Expense Accounts --Backhus -- 1964-1965
FF3397	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Expense Accounts -- Galiker -- 1964-1965
FF3398	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Expense Accounts -- Knig -- 1964-1965
FF3399	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Expense Accounts -- Dombroski -- 1964-1965
FF3400	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Memoranda -- 1964-1965
FF3401	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Minutes -- 1964-1965
FF3402	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Notes on Meeting Minutes -- 1964-1965
FF3403	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Press Releases -- 1964-1965
FF3404	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Publications -- Article -- “Pennsylvania Milk Study Completed by Simon Committee” -- NOVUS -- The Publication of the G.S.I.A. Alumni Association -- June 1965
FF3405	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Publications -- Newspaper Articles -- Pittsburgh Press -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- November 1964-February 1965
FF3406	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Publications -- Newspaper Articles -- Pittsburgh Press -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette --March-April 1965
FF3407	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Publications -- Newspaper Articles -- Pittsburgh Press -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- May 1965- December 1966
FF3408	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Reference Material -- Brochure -- Lehigh Valley Dairy -- 1967
FF3409	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Reference Material -- Reprints -- Agriculture Related Articles -- 1955, 1963-1964
FF3410	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee --Reference Material -- Study -- Survey of New Orleans Milk Plants -- Questionnaire -- Tables -- 1963
FF3411	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Report -- “An Analysis of State Milk Control in Pennsylvania with Recommendations for Improvement” -- November 1964
FF3412	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Report -- “Economics of Milk Produciton and Distribution in Pennsylvania” -- 1964-1965
FF3413	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Report -- “Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committtee Commonwealth o Pennsylvania” -- 1965
 
Box 43 - Continued
FF3414	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Report -- “Milk Consumer’s Minority Report” -- King --February 28, 1965
FF3415	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Report -- “Milk Price Control” -- Joint State Government Commission -- 1963
FF3416	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Report -- “Milk Price Control in Pennsylvania” -- Holtzinger, Miller, Simon -- February 1, 1965
FF3417	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Committee -- Report -- “Subsidies and Controls” -- N.D.
FF3418	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Governor’s Milk Control Inquiry Commission -- Telegram -- 1955
FF3419	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Institute of Management Sciences -- Announcement -- 1953
FF3420	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- International Centre for Theoretical Physics -- Office of External Activities -- Reference Report -- 1988
FF3421	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Journal of Mathematical Psychology -- Correspondence -- 1982-1983
FF3422	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- “Agreement on Scientific Exchange and Cooperation between the National Academy of Sciences of the USA and the Academy of Sciences of the USSR” -- Proposal - **Restricted Files** -- 1985
FF3423	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- 107th Annual Meeting -- Report -- 1970
FF3424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- 112th Annual Meeting -- Minutes -- Correspondence -- April 26-28, 1975
FF3425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- 117th Annual Meeting -- Correspondence -- Program -- April 20-24, 1980
FF3426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences --118th Annual Meeting -- Correspondence -- Resolutions -- Article -- April 26-28, 1981
FF3427	Simon, Herbert A. -- 119th Annual Meeting -- Correspondence -- Program -- Outline -- April 25-28, 1982
FF3428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- 120th Annual Meeting -- “Evolution and Creationism: A View from the National Academy of Sciences” -- April 24-27, 1983
FF3429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- 121th Annual Meeting -- Correspondence -- Program -- April 29-May 2, 1984
FF3430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- 122nd Annual Meeting -- Correspondence -- Program -- April 21-24, 1985
FF3431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- 123rd Annual Meeting -- Correspondence -- Article -- April 27-30, 1986
FF3432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- 124th Annual Meeting -- Correspondence -- Agenda -- April 26-29, 1987
FF3433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- 125th Annual Meeting -- Constitution and Bylaws -- Correspondence --Agenda- April 24-27, 1988
 
Box 44
Consulting

FF3434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Article -- “ABASS: Social Sciences Carving a Niche at the Academy” --Holden -- Science 199:17 -- March 1978
FF3435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Article -- “The Posse Stops a ‘Softie’” -- Bowen -- TIME -- May 11, 1987
FF3436	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Article -- “Soct Sciences are often Harder than Hard Sciences” -- Diamond -- DISCOVER -- August 1987
FF3437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Class Membership Committee -- 1972- 1973
FF3438	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Class Membership Committee -- 1978
FF3439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Class Membership Committee -- 1980
FF3440	Simon, Herbert A., -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Class Membership Committee -- 1987
FF3441	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee for the 1990 NAS Award for Behavioral Research Relevant to the Prevention of Nuclear War - **Restricted File** -- 1989
FF3442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee Nominations of Kenneth Arrow -- Correspondence -- Ballots - **Restricted Files**- 1967-1970
FF3443	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Economics and Research in China -- 1986-1987
FF3444	Simon, Herbert A. --  Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Economics and Research in China -- 1986-1987
FF3445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Economics and Research in China -- 1984-1991, 1993
FF3446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Economics and Research in China -- 1986-1988
FF3447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Economics and Research in China -- 1988, 1991
FF3448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Genetic Factors in Human Performance -- Draft Report -- 1969-1970
FF3449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Human Rights -- Urgent Action Memorandum -- 1986
FF3450	Simon, Herbert A. --  Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Beijing Office Planning Meeting (September 19, 1984) -- 1984
FF3451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Briefing Book for Herb Simon Meetings (May 25-29, 1984) -- 1984
 
Box 44 - Continued
FF3452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- China Trip -- Correspondence -- 1972
FF3453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Conference on Developmental, Cognitive and Applied Psychology -- 1982
FF3454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- 1972-1975
FF3455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- 1982-1984
FF3456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- 1984-1985
FF3457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- 1985-1989
FF3458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- CSCPRC Dinner (November 24, 1986
FF3459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- CSCPRC Meetings (Washington, D.C., September 7-10, 1983) -- 1983
FF3460	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- CSCPRC Meeting (November 1984) -- 1984
FF3461	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- CSCPRC Meeting (December 2-3, 1985) -- 1985
FF3462	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- CSCPRC Meeting (January 7-8, 1987) -- 1986-1987
FF3463	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Distinguished Scholar Exchange Program -- 1983
FF3464	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Fellowship Applications -- 1990-1992
FF3465	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Field Research Planning Committee -- 1985
FF3466	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Meeting (October 1982) -- 1982
FF3467	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Meeting with Premier Zhao Ziyang -- 1984

 
Box 44 - Continued
FF3468	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- NAS -- CAS Joint Psychology Conferene: Issues in Cognition -- 1983
FF3469	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- National Program for Advanced Study and Research in China -- Visiting Scholar Exchange Program and Fulbright Scholar Exchange Program (June 9-12, 1985) -- 1985
FF3470	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Reference Material -- 1979-1985
FF3471	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Report -- “The Wingspread Conference on Science in China” -- Balderose -- 1973
FF3472	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Sciences and Engineering Panel Meeting (April 3, 1984) -- 1984
FF3473	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Social Science/Humanities Panel Meeting -- Washington, D.C. (April 30, 1982) -- 1982
FF3474	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Social Science/Humanities Panel Meeting -- (November 1982) -- 1982
FF3475	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Social Science/Humanities Panel Meeting -- Washington, D.C. (March 1983) -- 1982-1983
FF3476	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Social Science/Humanities Panel Meeting -- (December 9, 1983) -- 1983
FF3477	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Social Science/Humanities Panel Meeting -- (March 26, 1984) -- 1984
FF3478	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Steven Mosher Case -- 1983
FF3479	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Washington, D.C. Meeting (February 20, 1982) -- 1981-1983
FF3480	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China -- Yan Dong Sheng Dinner (October 26, 1983) -- 1983
FF3481	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes - Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Correspondence -- 1966-1971
FF3482	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes - Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Report -- Bass Report -- September 1968- June 1969
 
Box 44 - Continued
FF3483	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes - Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Report -- BASS Report -- June 1969- March 1970
FF3484	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes - Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Report -- “Draft Report, Panel #9, Structure and Funciton of the Nervous System” -- Review by Simon -- January 15, 1968
FF3485	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes - Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Report -- “Guidleines for Estimating Toxicologically Insignificant Levels of Chemicals in Food” -- 1969
FF3486	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes - Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) --Report -- “The Impact of Science and Technology on Regional Economic Development” -- Alpert -- Reviews by Simon and Brooks -- 1968
FF3487	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes - Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Report -- “Report of the Conference on Computational Support for Theoretical Chemistry” -- Review by Simon -- January 30, 1968
FF3488	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes - Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Report -- “Report on the Application of Copyright on Computer Usage” -- 1967-1968
FF3489	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes - Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- 1980-1987

Box 45
Consulting

FF3490	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Correspondence -- 1988- 1992
FF3491	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Draft Report on Technology and Employment -- Corresondence -- Memoranda -- 1987
FF3492	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- First Meeting of the COSEPUP -- December 11-12, 1981
FF3493	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Meeting of the COSEPUP -- June 14-15, 1982
FF3494	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Meeting of the COSEPUP -- Itenerary -- January 21-22, 1983
FF3495	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Meeting of the COSEPUP -- April 27-28, 1984
FF3496	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Meeting of the COSEPUP  - January 25-26, 1990
 
Box 45 - Continued
FF3497	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- COSEPUP Planning Meeting on the Study of Global Warming -- Report by American Association for the Advancement of Science -- 1989-1991
FF3498	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- COSEPUP Research Briefings Seminar -- Academy Industry Program -- “Research Opportunities in Decision making and Problem Solving” -- 1986
FF3499	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Scienes Committee on Science and Public Policy (COSPUP) -- Testimony before Science Policy Task Force -- May 2, 1985
FF3500	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Support of Research in the Mathematical Science (COSRIM) -- Report -- “The Mathematical Sciences a Collection of Essays” -- September 1967
FF3501	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on Support of Research in the Mathematical Science (COSRIM) -- Report -- “Mathematical Sciences Undergraduate Education” -- September 1967 
FF3502	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Article -- “General Revenue Sharing: How Well Is It Working?” -- Strauss -- Proceedings Of The 67th Annual Conference On Taxation -- 1974
FF3503	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Article -- “NAS Finds Flaws in RANN” -- SCIENCE 191 -- March 19, 1976  
FF3504	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Article -- “Present Status and Needs of the History of Science” -- Cohen -- Proceedings Of The American Philosophical Society 99:5 -- October 15, 1955
FF3505	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Assembly of Behavioral and Social Sciences Committee Meeting Plan Book -- April 30-May 1, 1976
FF3506	Simon, Herbert A. --  Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Correspondence -- Memoranda -- 1974-1975
FF3507	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Correspondence -- Memoranda -- 1975
FF3508	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Correspondence -- Memoranda -- 1976-1977
FF3509	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation --  Directory -- NSF Interim Organizaitonal Directory - July 1975
 
Box 45 - Continued
FF3510	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation --  Hearings of the Subcommittee on Science, Research and Technology, U. S. House of Representatives -- Correspondence -- Releases -- 1975-1976
FF3511	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation --  Lists -- Notes -- 1975
FF3512	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Membership Lists -- 1975
FF3513	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Memorandum -- Sarah Kiesler -- 1975-1976
FF3514	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation --  Newsletter -- Press Release -- 1975-1976
FF3515	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation --  Proposal -- “Proposal to the NSF for Support of a Committee on the Social Sciences in the National Science Foundation” -- June 1975
FF3516	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation --  Publication -- NSF Division Of Social Sciences Grant List Fiscal Year -- 1975-1975
FF3517	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Publicaiton -- FISCAL YEAR 1976 BUDGET TO THE CONGRESSS -- National Science Foundation -- 1976
FF3518	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Publications -- NSF Program Announcement -- 1975
FF3519	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Memorandum -- “History of RANN’s Style, Purpose, Criteria and of Managing Research” -- 1969
FF3520	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “NSF Office of National Research and Development Assessment’ -- Third Annual Report -- Program -- September 1975
FF3521	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “Opportunites for Improved Management of the Research Applied to National Needs (RANN) Program” -- 1975
FF3522	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “Psychology: An Assessment of Human Resources, Federal Funding and Contributions to Social Problems Research” -- American Psychological Association -- 1974	
FF3523	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- Report on Income Maintenance Reform -- Heffernan -- 1975
 
Box 45 - Continued
FF3524	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- ‘NSF Research and Development Assessment Director’s Program Review” -- December 17, 1973
FF3525	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “Priorities for research Applicable to National Needs” -- Report of National Academy of Engineering -- 1973
FF3526	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “Research Funding for Scientific Psychology” - **Restricted Files** -- 1975
FF3527	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “Social and Behavioral Science Programs in the Natonal Science Foundation” -- 1976
FF3528	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “Social and Behavioral Science Programs in the National Science Foundation’ -- Drafts -- Memorandum -- 1975-1976
FF3529	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation --  Report -- “Social and Behavioral Science Programs in he National Science Foundation: Final Report” -- 1976

Box 46
Consulting

FF3530	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “Social and Behavioral Science Programs in the National Science Foundation” -- 1975-1976
FF3531	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “The Status of Educational Research and Development in the U.S.” -- National Institute of Education -- 1975
FF3532	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- Subject Area Reports -- 1975
FF3533	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “Summary of Activites and Description of Research Projects”  - Division of Advanced Productivity Research and Technology -- 1975
FF3534	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “Summary of Awards” -- Division of Computer Research -- “Summary of Awards” -- 1974
FF3535	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “A Survey of the Research Applied to National Needs Program of the National Science Foundation” -- Lindsey and Lessler -- 1976
 
Box 45 - Continued
FF3536	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- Task Group Reports -- 1975
FF3537	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Report -- “The Use of Social Science Knowledge in Policy Decisions at the National Level” -- University of Michigan -- 1975
FF3538	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Study -- “Peer Review and Proposal Evaluaiton Staff Study” -- 1975
FF3539	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Committee on the social Sciences in the National Science Foundation -- Testimony at the NSF Authorization Hearings -- 1976
FF3540	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Computer Sciences and Engineering Board -- 1967-1970
FF3541	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Conference on the Research and Development Budget -- 1981
FF3542	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Article -- 1974
FF3543	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Carbon Monoxide Panel -- 1974
FF3544	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Comments on CCAQS Summary Report -- 1974
FF3545	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Comments on Committee -- 1973-1974
FF3546	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Comments on Draft Report of the Envionmental Studies Board’s Emmissins to Air Quality Committee
FF3547	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control --Comments on the NAS/NRC Report of the Conference on Air Quality and Automobile Emissions -- 1975
FF3548	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Commission on Natural Resources -- 1974
FF3549	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Biologic Effects of Atmospheric Pollutants -- 1973
FF3550	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Costs and Benefits of Automobile Emission Control -1974
FF3551	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Costs and Benefits of Automobile Emission Control -- 1974
FF3552	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Costs and Benefits of Automobile Emission Control -- 1973-1974
 
Box 46 - Continued
FF3553	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Costs and Benefits of Automobile Emission Control -- 1973-1974
FF3554	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Costs and Benefits of Automobile Emission Control -- 1974
FF3555	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Costs and Benefits of Automobile Emission Control -- Preliminary Work Plan -- 1973
FF3556	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Costs and Benefits of Automobile Emission Control -- Report -- Chapters 1 and 6 -- 1974
FF3557	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Medical and Biologic Effics of Environmental Pollutants -- Reports --“Carbon Monoxide,” “Airborne Particles and Sulfar Oxides,” “Health Effects of Nitrogen Oxide,” “Photochemical Oxidants and Ozone” “Interactions of Pollutants in Producing Health Effects” -- 1974
FF3558	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Medical and Biologic Effects of Environmental Pollutants -- Subcommittee on Health Effects -- 1973
FF3559	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Motor Vehicle Emissions -- Reports -- 1972-1973
FF3560	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Motor Vehicle Emissions -- Reports -- 1973-1974
FF3561	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on Motor Vehicle Emissions II -- Membership List -- Panel Report -- 1974
FF3562	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Committee on the Relationship of Emissions to Ambient Air Quality -- Report -- “Conclusions and Demonstrations” -- 1974
FF3563	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Conference on Air Quality and Automobile and Emissions -- Report of the Conference -- 1975
FF3564	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Conference on Air quality and Automobile Emissions -- Response to the Conference Report -- 1975
FF3565	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control --Conference on Health Effects of Air Pollutants -- Executive Summary -- 1973
FF3566	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Conference on Health Effects of Air Pollutants -- 1973
 
Box 46 - Continued
FF3567	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Congressional Record -- December 17, 1973
FF3568	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Congressional Report  - “Authorizing Supplemental Expenditures by the Committee on Public Works for Inquiries and Investigations” -- 1973
FF3569	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Corresondence -- 1973
FF3570	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Correspondence -- 1974
FF3571	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Correspondence -- Philip Handler -- 1973-1976
FF3572	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control --Correspondence -- Holcomb Research Institute -- 1976
FF3573	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Correspondence -- H.J. Kandiner -- 1976
FF3574	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Correspondence -- Leonard Laster -- John Redmond -- 1974
FF3575	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Correspondence -- NAS Report -- 1974-1975
FF3576	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Correspondence -- Nominatiosn -- 1973
FF3577	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- EAQ Panel -- Report -- “Summary and Recommendations’ -- 1974
FF3578	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Economics and Science Planning, Inc. -- Reports -- “Policy Issues for Automotive Emission Control” -- “Recommended U.S. Automotive Emission Standards” -1974
FF3579	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Emissions to Air Quality Study Committee -- Project Progress Report -- Membership List -- 1973
FF3580	Simon, Herbert  A - Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- EPA Report -- ‘Decisionof theAdministratior:Application for Suspension of 1977 Motor Vehicle Exhaust Emission Standards” -- 1975
FF3581	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- EPA Report -- “Re-Evaluation of the Health Basis for Existing Air Quality Standards” -- January 12, 1973
FF3582	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Ford Report -- “The Relationship of Vehicle Emission Standards and Air Quality Standards” -- Chang, Gratch, Weinstock -- 1974
 
Box 46 - Continued
FF3583	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- General Motors Report -- “Compliance with Automotive Emissions Standards and Fuel Economy Objectives” -- 1973
FF3584	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Gordon Research Conference on Air Quality -- 1973
FF3585	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control --Hearing before the Subcommittee on Environmental Pollution of the Committee on Public Works -- 1974
FF3586	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Hearing before the Subcommittee on Environmental Pollution of the Committee on Public Works, United States Senate -- September 6, 1974

Box 47
Consulting

FF3587	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Meetings in 1973- 1973
FF3588	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Meetings in 1974 -- Report on Nitrogen Oxide Standards for Light Duty Motor Vehicles -- 1973-1974
FF3589	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Memorandum -- 1973-1974
FF3590	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Memorandum -- Changes in Motor Vehicle Emission Standards- Article -- 1974
FF3591	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Memorandum -- Summary Information on the Health Basis of the Federal Air Quality Standards -- 1973
FF3592	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Motor Vehicle Manufactures Association -- Report -- “Policies to Abate Pollution from Motor Vehicles” -- Mathematica, Inc. -- 1975
FF3593	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- NAS Chapter on Air Pollutiona and Property Values -- N.D.
FF3594	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- NAS Conference on Health Effects of Air Pollutants -- 1973
FF3595	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- NAS Organizational Arrangement -- 1973
FF3596	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Nominaitns for the Envionmental Study Boards Emmissions to Air Quality Committee -- 1973
 
Box 47 - Continued
FF3597	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- “Notes on a Benefit-Cost Analysis of Air Pollution Abatement” -- Lave -- December 1973
FF3598	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Organizational Papers -- Progress Report -- 1973
FF3599	 Simon, Herbert A. - Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Panel on Carbon Monoxide -- Report -- “Carbon Monoxide” -- 1974
FF3600	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Panel on Photochemical Oxidants and Ozone -- “Summary of Response to Senate Subcommittee Letter” -- Report -- May 13, 1974
FF3601	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Panel on Sulfur Oxides -- Report -- “Health Effects of Sulfur Dioxide and Particles” -- June 6, 1974
FF3602	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- paper -- “Amenities and Property Values in a General Equilibrium Model of and Urban Area” -- “The Air Pollution and Property Value Debate” -- Polinsky -- 1973-1974
FF3603	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Paper -- “Automobile Emission Controls and Fuel Economy” -- White House Domestic Council -- January 4, 1973
FF3604	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Paper -- “Estimating the value of Saving a Life: Evidence from the Labor Market” -- Thaler and Rosen -- October 1973
FF3605	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Paper -- “Low Level Radiation and U.S. Mortality” -- Lave, Leinhardt and Kaye -- July 1971
FF3606	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Paper -- “Research for Choice” -- Simon -- 1974
FF3607	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Preliminary Memoranda on Social, Economic, and Environmental Costs and Benefits in Air Quality Management -- 1973
FF3608	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Proposal -- “Proposal for Investigating the Relationship of Emissions to air Quality” j- 1973
FF3609	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Reference Material Concerning the Clean Air Act -- 1973
FF3610	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Reference Material on Background Oxidants -- 1975
FF3611	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Relationship of Emissions to Ambient Air Quality Committee (EAQS) -- Conclusions and Recommendations -- 1974
 
Box 47 - Continued
FF3612	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Release -- On CCAQS Study -- 1974
FF3613	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Release -- On Chevrolet Impala -- October 19, 1973
FF3614	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- “Air Quality and Automobile Emissions Control” -- August 31, 1974
FF3615	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- “The Catalyst and Energy” -- 1974
FF3616	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- CCAQS Draft Synthesis Report -- 1974
FF3617	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- CCAQS Summary Report -- Correspondence -- 1974
FF3618	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report- CCAWS Summary Report -- First Draft -- July 15, 1974
FF3619	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- CCAQS Summary Report -- Second Draft -- July 22, 1974
FF3620	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- CCAQS Summary Report -- Third Draft -- August 11, 1974
FF3621	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- CCAWS Summary Report -- Fourth Draft -- August 14, 1974
FF3622	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- Comparison of Draft CCAQS Report and Final -- December 5, 1974
FF3623	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- “Draft Report of the Academy of Sciences Committee on the Costs and Benefits of Automobile Emission Control” k- 1974
FF3624	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- “The Effects of Air Pollution on Plants” -- McCune and Heck -- July 12, 1974
FF3625	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- “The Effects of Air Polution on Plants and Ecological Systems” -- McCune and Heck -- 1974
FF3626	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- “Pain and Suffering Awards for Respiratory Injuries in Cases in American Jurisdictions” - N.D.
 
Box 47 - Continued
FF3627	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- “Policy Guidelines for Automobile Emissions Control by the National Academy of Sciences” -- Sobatka & Company, Inc. -- November 18, 1974
FF3628	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- “Policy Options for Reducing Public Health Hazards from Combustion of Leaded Gasoline” -- Epstein -- December 21, 1973
FF3629	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- “Report of the Conference on Air Quality and Automobile Emissions” -- 1975
FF3630	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- “Rollback Calculations” -- N.D.
FF3631	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- “Social and Economic Costs and Benefits of Compliance with the Auto Emission Standards Established by the Clean Air Amendments of 1970” -- 1973
FF3632	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Report -- “Synergism or Antaonism of Pollutants in Producing Health Effects” -- 1974
FF3633	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Response to Senate Committee Questions 7A, B, C -- 1974
FF3634	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Review of CCAQC Summary Report -- 1974
FF3635	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Reviews of Senat -- Requested Reports on Air Quality -- 1974
FF3636	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Rump Meeting -- October 5, 1973
FF3637	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Senate Reports -- “Proceedings of the Conference on Health Effects of Air Pollutants” -- “Air Quality and Automobile Emission Control” -  1973-1974
FF3638	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Senate Reports -- “Air Quality and Automobile Emission Control, Vol 1,2 and 4” -- September 1974
FF3639	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Senate Resolution 78 -- Testimony -- Simon -- March 6, 1969
FF3640	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control --Statement to the Subcommittee on Air and Water Pollution -- Less, Keier, Heitner -- March 15, 1974
 
Box 47 - Continued
FF3641	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Study Plan for the Review of Social, Economic and Environmental Costs and Benefits in Air Quality Management -- August 14, 1973
FF3642	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Subcommittees on Health Effects -- 1974
FF3643	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Summary of NAS Report on Automobile Emissions -- 1975
FF3644	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Time Schedule for Air Quality Studies -- 1974
FF3645	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- Trip Itineraies -- 1974
FF3646	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Correspondence -- General -- 1967-1982
FF3647	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Correspondence -- General -- 1983-1985
FF3648	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Correspondence -- General -- 1986-1988
FF3649	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Correspondence -- General -- 1989-1995
FF3650	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Correspondence -- Frederick Seitz (President) -- 1967-1968
FF3651	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Correspondence -- Philip Handler (President) -- 1970-1981
FF3652	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Correspondence -- Frnak Press(President) -- 1982-1993

Box 48
Consulting

FF3653	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Correspondence -- Bruce Alberts (President) -- Questionnaire -- 1999  
FF3654	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Council Committee On National Science Policy -- Ad Hoc Discussion of the NRC -- Minutes -- 1981
FF3655	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Council Committee on National Science Policy -- Correspondence -- Membership List -- 1978-1983
FF3656	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Dinner Discusison on the Behavioral And Social Sciences and Nuclear War -- Proposal -- Itinerary -- November 5, 1984
FF3657	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Editorial Board -- Correspondence -- Report of the Managing Editor -- 1981-1992
FF3658	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences --  Election of Members -- Correspondence -- Regulations -- 1979-1993
 
Box 48 - Continued
FF3659	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Electon of Members- Membership Roster -- 1998-1999
FF3660	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- election of New Members -- 1972, 1973
FF3661	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Election of new Members -- Press Release -- Articles -- 1974, 1977
FF3662	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Evans Panel -- Greenhouse Effect -- 1989-1990
FF3663	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences --  Governing Board Meeting -- January 19, 1980
FF3664	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Governing Board Meeting -- Chairman’s Agenda -- February 23, 1980
FF3665	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Harris Committee on Senate Bill S. 836 -- Statement of Simon -- 1967
FF3666	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Joint Committee of NAS/NAE Meeting -- July 1980
FF3667	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Joint Committee of NAS/NAE Meeting -- 1980-1981
FF3668	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Joint Committee on Chinese Studies Meeting -- NAS Nobel Honors Banquet -- March 1984
FF3669	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- June 22, 1980
FF3670	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- June 25, 1983
FF3671	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- June --August 1983
FF3672	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- Report of the Foreign Secretary -- September-December 1983
FF3673	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- February 25-26, 1984
FF3674	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- April 28-29, 1984
FF3675	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- August 9-13, 1984
FF3676	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- December 15-16, 1984
FF3677	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- June 22, 1985
FF3678	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- August 10-12, 1985
FF3679	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- Committee on International Affairs -- October 20, 1985
FF3680	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- December 8, 1985
 
Box 48 - Continued
FF3681	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- February 23-24, 1986
FF3682	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Meeting of Council -- June 21, 1986
FF3683	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences --  1983 NAS Award for Initiatives in Research -- 1982
FF3684	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- 1969 Annual Meeting -- 1969
FF3685	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Assembly of Behavioral and Social Sciences -- Annual Program Plan -- 1975-1976
FF3686	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Assembly of Behavioral and Social Sciences -- Correspondence -- 1973-1977
FF3687	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Assembly of Behavioral and Social Sciences -- Interim Status Report -- 1973
FF3688	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Commission on Behavioral and Social Sciences and Education -- Meeting -- “The State of Economic Reform in the Soviet Union” -- Levine -- August 24-25, 1989
FF3689	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Commission on Behavioral and Social Sciences and Education -- Meeting -- Workshop on “Transitions to Democracy” -- October 1990
FF3690	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Commission on Human Resources -- Glaser Committee -- “Report of the Panel on Behavioral Science’s’ -- 1975
FF3691	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Commission on Human Resources -- Proposal on Forming a Committtee on Science Education -- 1976-1977
FF3692	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Commission on International Relations -- 1975-1976
FF3693	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Committee on Contributions of Behavioral and Social Science to the Prevention of Nuclear War -- 1985-1986
FF3694	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Committee on Contributions of Behavioral and Social Science to the Prevention of Nuclear War -- 1987
FF3695	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Committee on Contributions of  Behavioral and Social Science to the Prevention of Nuclear War -- 1988-1991
FF3696	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Committee on Contributions of Behavioral and Social Science to the Prevention of Nuclear war -- Reports -- Reports Relating to the USSR -- 1987
 
Box 48 - Continued
FF3697	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Committee on Government Operations -- Subcommittee on Government Research -- Young Committee -- 1966-1968
FF3698	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- committee on the Review of NRC -- 1970-1973
FF3699	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Committee on the Review of the NRC (Ebert Committee) -- Draft Report -- Comments by MacLane -- 1981-1982
FF3700	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Committee on Social and Behavioral Urban Research (COSBUR) -- 1968-1970
FF3701	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Committee on the Social Sciences -- 1975-1977
FF3702	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Committee on Uses of Computers -- 1962-1964
FF3703	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Computer Science Board -- 1975-1976
FF3704	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Correspondence -- 1959-1976
FF3705	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Correspondence -- 1982-1992
FF3706	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Correspondence -- Henry David -- 1967-1974
FF3707	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Cosmos Club Award -- Walter Sullivan -- 1982
FF3708	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Advisory Committee on Behavioral Sciences in the Department of Defense -- 1969
FF3709	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Annual Meeting -- 1965
FF3710	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Annual Meeting -- 1972
FF3711	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Annual Report -- August 1, 1965-July 31, 1966
FF3712	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Committee on International Relations in the Behavioral and Social Sciences -- 1972
FF3713	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Correspondence -- General -- 1962-1967
FF3714	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Correspondence -- General -- 1968-1969
 
Box 48 - Continued
FF3715	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Correspondence -- General -- 1969-1973
FF3716	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences --Correspondence -- General 1966-1969
Box 49
Consulting

FF3717	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Meeting (October 24, 1964) -- 1964
FF3718	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Meeting (February 4, 1967) -- 1967
FF3719	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Meeting (April 22, 1967) -- 1967
FF3720	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Meeting (February 3, 1968) -- 1968
FF3721	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Meeting (April 20, 1968) -- 1968
FF3722	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Meeting (October 5, 1968) -- 1968
FF3723	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Meeting (December 7, 1968) -- 1968
FF3724	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Meeting (June 7, 1969) -- 1969
FF3725	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Meeting (September 27, 1969) -- 1969
FF3726	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Meeting (February 4-5, 1972) -- Memorandum -- Proposal on Reorganization of NRC -- 1972
FF3727	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Meeting (April 21-22, 1972) -- 1972
 
Box 49 - Continued
FF3728	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Research/Development Fiscal Year Budget, 1973 -- 1972
FF3729	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Executive Committee -- Meeting (June 7-8, 1965) -- “Future Program of the Behavioral Sciences Division” -- Simon -- 1965
FF3730	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Membership Lists -- 1965
FF3731	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Report -- “Ad Hoc Committee on Documentation in the Behavioral Sciences” -- Easton -- March 21, 1964
FF3732	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Report -- ‘Management of Behavioral Sciences in the Departement of Defense” -- Simon -- 1970
FF3733	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Study Conference on Research Strategies in the Behavioral and Social Sciences on Environmental Problems and Policy -- 1969  
FF3734	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Division of Behavioral Sciences -- Subcommittee on Reorganization of the Executive Committee -- 1972
FF3735	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Governing Board and NAS Council Meeting (June 27-28, 1981) -- 1981
FF3736	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Graphics -- 1965
FF3737	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- National Academy of Engineering, Commisssion on Education -- 1971
FF3738	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- National Academy of Engineering, Commisssion on Education -- 1970
FF3739	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- National Academy of Engineering, Commisssion on Education -- Reprot -- “Computer -- Oriented Electrical Engineering Experiments 1969-1970” -- December 1969
FF3740	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- National Academy of Engineering, Commisssion on Education -- Report -- “Impact of Computers on Electrical Engineering Education -- A View from Industry” -- September, 1969
 
Box 49 - Continued
FF3741	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- National Academy of Engineering, Commisssion on Education -- Report -- “An Undergraduate Computer Engineering Option for Electrical Engineering” -- January 1970
FF3742	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- National Research Council (NRC) -- Nuclear War Symposium -- “Problem Finding” -- Simon -- 1984
FF3743	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Newsletter -- LETTER TO MEMBERS -- 1970-1976
FF3744	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Nominating Group Class V -- Correspondence -**Restricted Files** -- 1968-1970
FF3745	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Nominating Group Class V -- Memoranda -- Biographical Information -- Notes - **Restricted Files** -- 1971
FF3746	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Nominating Group Class V -- Ballots -- Biographical Information - **Restricted Files** -- 1972
FF3747	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Nominating Group Class V -- Ballots -- Biographical Information - **Restricted Files** -- 1973
FF3748	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Nominating Group Class V -- **Restricted Files** -- 1974-1976
FF3749	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Panel on Technology and Employment -- 1982-1984
FF3750	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Paper -- “Comments on the Government of the Academy Complex” --Simon -- 1985
FF3751	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Paper -- “Computers: Non-Numerical Computation” -- Simon -- 1982
FF3752	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Paper -- “Discovery, Invention and Development: Human Creative Thinking” -- Simon -- 1982
FF3753	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Paper -- “Tjalling Charles Koopman: A Biographical Memoir for the National Academy of Sciences” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF3754	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Press Releases -- 1999
FF3755	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Proposal -- “Proposal to Establish the Arnold O. Beckman Center” -- 1985
FF3756	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Public Welfare Medal -- 979-1980, 1981, 1984
FF3757	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Public Welfare Medal -- Presented to Walter Sullivan -- 1979-1984
FF3758	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Quota committee- 1973 
FF3759	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Regionla Educational Laboratories and Research and Development Centers -- N.D.
 
Box 49 - Continued
FF3760	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Regional Meeting -- Chicato, IL (February 1, 1988) -- Budget Agreement -- NAS Strategic Report -- 1988
FF3761	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Report -- “Meeting of U>S> National Academy of Sciences nad the Academy of Sciences of the U.S.S.R. on Biological Weapons” -- 1986
FF3762	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Report -- “National Academy of Sciences: Report of the Treasurer” -- 1971
FF3763	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Report -- ‘Statement on Policy with Respect to the Inter-Academy Program” -- 1980
FF3764	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Report -- “Soviet Military Power 1984’ -- 1984
FF3765	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Report -- Task Force on Science Policy -- “An Agenda for a Study of Government Science Policy” -- 1984-1985
FF3766	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Resource Committee Endowment -- 1983
FF3767	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Russia Trip -- 1976
FF3768	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Samuel Hintington / Serge Lang Controversy -- 1987-1988
FF3769	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Samuel Hintington / Serge Lang Controversy -- 1986-1987
FF3770	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Samuel Hintington / Serge Lang Controversy -- 1987-1990
FF3771	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Samuel Hintington / Serge Lang Controversy -- Paper -- “Some Trivial but Useful Mathematics” -- Simon -- 1986-1987
FF3772	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Samuel Hintington / Serge Lang Controversy -- Report Draft -- N.D.
FF3773	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Samuel Hintington / Serge Lang Controversy -- Speech Draft -- N.D. 
FF3774	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Seminar on China’s Reforms -- Implications for U.S. -- China Relations -- “The Intellectual Open Door” -- Simon -- December 1985
FF3775	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Seminar on Crisis Management in the Nuclear Age -- 1986
FF3776	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Steering Committee Meeting -- NAS/NAE Initiaitve on Science, Technology and Economic Development in China -- 1984-1985
FF3777	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Technology Assessment Panel -- 1969
FF3778	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences --  Troland Fund -- 1992
 
Box 49 - Continued
FF3779	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Troland Fund -- Reports -- 1982
FF3780	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Trust Fund Award Selection Committees- Memorandum -- 1979
FF3781	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Academy of Sciences -- Woods Hole Study Center -- 1984
FF3782	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Institute of Education (NIE) -- 1970-1975
FF3783	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Institute of Education (NIE) -- National Academy of Educations Membership List -- N.D. 
FF3784	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Institute of Education (NIE) --Report -- Chairman’s Report of a Conference on Research in Testing -- “Testing, Teaching and Learning” -- 1979
FF3785	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Institute of Education (NIE) -- Report of the Study Group on Linguistic communication -- “Linguistic Communication: Perspectives for Research” -- 1974
FF3786	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Institute of Education (NIE) -- Study in Linguistic Communication -- Mission Statement -- 1973
FF3787	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Institute of Mental Health -- NIHM Research Task Force -- 1973
FF3788	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Institute of Mental Health -- NIHM Research Task Force -- Expense Report -- 1973
FF3789	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Institute of Mental Health -- NIHM Research Task Force -- Prospectus for final Report -- 1973
FF3790	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Institute of Mental Health -- NIHM Research Task Force -- Schedule -- 1973

Box 50
Consulting

FF3791	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Advisory Panel for University Computer Facilties -- Call for Grant Proposals -- N.D.
FF3792	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Advisory Panel for University Computer Facilties -- Correspondence -- 1959-1968
FF3793	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Advisory Panel for University Computer Facilties -- Correspondence -- Arthur Grad -- 1959-1963
FF3794	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Advisory Panel for University Computer Facilties -- Lists of Computing Center Grants -- Fiscal Year 1960-1959 -- 1960
FF3795	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Budget -- Status Report -- Congressional Record -- 1981
FF3796	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Advisory Panel for University Computer Facilites -- Committee to Examine Proposal for a National Facility for Research in Cognition -- 1976-1979
FF3797	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Correspondence -- General -- 1959-1972
 
Box 50 - Continued
FF3798	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Correspondence -- Proposal -- 1959-1974
FF3799	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Division of Advanced Productivity Research and Technology -- Project Summary Proposals -- Publications -- PROGRAM SOLICIATATION -- 1975
FF3800	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Division of Information Science and Technology -- Correspondence -- 1979-1980
FF3801	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Job Contracts -- 1959-1964
FF3802	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Materials and Instructional Development Section, Division of Higher Education -- Proceedings: Project Directors Meeting -- February 10-12, 1974
FF3803	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- National Center for Computers in Social Sciences -- Correspondence -- Milton Rose -- 1968-1969
FF3804	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- National Science Board -- Commission on Pre College Education in Mathmatics, Science and Technology -- Correspondence -- 1982-1983
FF3805	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- National Science Board -- Commission on Pre College Education in Mathmatics, Science and Technology -- 1982 Meetings -- 1982
FF3806	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- National Science Board -- Commission on Pre College Education in Mathmatics, Science and Technology -- 1983 Meetings -- 1983
FF3807	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Office of Computing Activities -- Fiscal Year 1973 Grants  -- 1973
FF3808	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Proposals and Proposal Ratings -- 1960-1973
FF3809	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Proposals and Proposal Ratings -- 1973-1974
FF3810	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Special Commission on the Social Sciences -- Planning Memorandum -- 1968
FF3811	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Specialties List for Use with the Mathematical Sciences Questionnaire for the National Register of Scientific and Technical Personnel -- 1957
FF3812	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Supported Project Summaries -- 1979
FF3813	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Testimony before the House Subcommittee on Science, Research, and Technology -- Simon -- February 20, 1980
FF3814	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- National Science Foundation -- Travel Authorization -- 1960-1973
FF3815	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- Nuclear Science and Engineering Corporation -- Article -- “Research Company Almost Decapitated by Calls of New Administration” -- BUSINESS WEEK -- January 21, 1961
 
Box 50 - Continued
FF3816	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- Nuclear Science and Engineering Corporation -- Brochure -- Memorandum -- N.D.
FF3817	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- Nuclear Science and Engineering Corporation -- Executive Board -- 1961-1962
FF3818	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- Nuclear Science and Engineering Corporation -- Financial Statement -- Hazelton-Nuclear Science Corp -- CDB Company, Inc. -- 1958, 1962
FF3819	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- Nuclear Science and Engineering Corporation -- NESC News Release -- 1960
FF3820	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- Nuclear Science and Engineering Corporation -- Notes on Management Program -- 1958-1959
FF3821	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- Nuclear Science and Engineering Corporation -- Proposal for a Management Development -- 1958
FF3822	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- Nuclear Science and Engineering Corporation -- Questionnaires -- N.D.
FF3823	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Consulting -- Nuclear Science and Engineering Corporation -- Report to Board of Directors -- November 5, 1958
FF3824	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Offers Declined -- Correspondence -- 1968, 1978-1979
FF3825	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Offers Declined -- Correspondence -- 1980-1984
FF3826	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Offers Declined -- Correspondence -- 1985-1990
FF3827	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Offers Declined -- Correspondence -- 1992-2000
FF3828	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Biomedical Research Panel -- Behavioral Sciences Cluster -- 1975
FF3829	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Biomedical Research Panel -- Behavioral Sciences Cluster -- 1975 -- 1976

Box 51
Consulting

FF3830	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Article -- Staff -- “PSAC Appointments” -- SCIENCE 159 -- February 1968
FF3831	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Correspondence -- 1961-1968
FF3832	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Correspondence -- 1968-1973
FF3833	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Correspondence -- Edward E. David, Science Advisor to President Nixon -- 1970-1972
FF3834	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Correspondence -- William Drury (Massachusetts Audubon Society) -- 1970-1971
FF3835	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Correspondence -- Energy Policy -- 1971-1972
FF3836	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Correspondence -- Environmental Quality Panel -- 1968-1971
 
Box 51 - Continued
FF3837	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Correspondence -- The Stormfury Hypothesis Panel -- 1971
FF3838	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Correspondence -- Westheimer Committee -- 1968-1970
FF3839	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Forms -- Government Transportation Requests, Work Sheets, Vouchers -- 1968-1971
FF3840	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Lists of Members and Consultants -- 1968-1971
FF3841	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Memoranda -- Advisors and Consultants -- 1961-1963
FF3842	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Memoranda -- Energy Policy -- 1970-1972
FF3843	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Memoranda -- General -- 1968-1969
FF3844	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Memoranda -- PSAC Panel on the Environment -- 1969-1971
FF3845	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Memorandum -- Westheimer Committee -- Task Group on Educational Research and Development -- 1968
FF3846	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Meeting Minutes -- Panel on the Environment -- Proposals -- July 1969
FF3847	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Meeting Minutes -- Panel on the Environment -- December 1969
FF3848	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Proposals -- February 1970
FF3849	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Release -- Announcement of Appointment of Herbert Simon and Harland Wood -- 1968
FF3850	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- “Balancing Our Ills -- A ‘Think Piece’” -- November 15, 1969
FF3851	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- “Charter: PSAC Panel on Environment” -- N.D.
FF3852	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- “Draft Charter for the Federal Council for Science and Technology -- Committee on Environmental Quality” -- N.D.
FF3853	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- “Environmental Quality” -- Buckley -- December 15, 1968
FF3854	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- “A Federal Program to Reduce Auto Emissions” -- 1969-1970
FF3855	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- “Improvement of Basic Behavioral Science Data” -- September 23, 1961
FF3856	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- “Intergovernmental Conference of Experts on the Scientific Basis for Rational Use and Conservation of the Resources of the Biosphere: Recommendations” -- October 1, 1968
 
Box 51 - Continued
FF3857	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- “A Materials Disposal Tax: Preliminary Thoughts” -- Mills -- 1965
FF3858	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- “Monitoring the Atmosphere” -- National Center for Atmospheric Research -- Memorandum -- 1969
FF3859	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- “Operation and Maintenance of Pollution Control Works” -- “Economic Incentives” -- June 1969
FF3860	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- Panel on the Environment -- “Air Pollution and Human Health: The Dollar Benefit of Pollution Abatement” -- Lave and Seskin -- 1969
FF3861	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- Panel on the Environment -- “Current Activities of PSAC Panel on the Environment” -- March 17, 1969
FF3862	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- Panel on the Environment -- “Environmental Lead Pollution” -- N.D.
FF3863	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- Panel on the Environment -- “Items for the Agenda of a Council on Environmental Quality” -- 1969
FF3864	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- Panel on the Environment -- “Phosphates in Deterents” -- 1970
FF3865	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- Panel on the Environment -- “A Practical Federeal Program to Reduce Auto Emissions” -- Simon and Gouse -- 1969
FF3866	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- Panel on the Environment -- “Progress Report to PSAC” -- Simon -- 1969
FF3867	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- Panel on the Environment -- “Progress Report to PSAC’ -- Simon -- 1968-1969
FF3868	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- Panel on the Environment -- “Summary of Discussion Relative to the Persistant Pesticides’ -- “Pesticides” -- 1969
FF3869	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- Panel on the Environment -- “Report of the Ad Hoc Study Panel on Non-Numerical Information Processing” -- Teager, Griffith, Oettinger -- 1961-1962
FF3870	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Report -- Panel on the Environment -- “Strengthening the Behavioral Sciences” (Statement by the Behavioral Science Subpanel) -- April 20, 1962
FF3871	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Testimony -- Senate Resolution #78 -- Simon -- 1969
FF3872	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- U.S. House of Representatives -- 1967-1968
FF3873	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- President’s Science Advisory Committee --Resume Excerpt -- Listing Consulthing Experience -- N.D.
FF3874	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Board of Directors -- Agendas -- 1958-1963
 
Box 51 - Continued
FF3875	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Board of Directors --Agendas -- 1964-1971
FF3876	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Board of Directors -- Correspondence -- 1957-1971
FF3877	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Board of Directors -- Financial Reports -- 1958-1966
FF3878	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Board of Directors -- List of Directors and Offices -- 1957-1967
FF3879	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Board of Directors -- Travel Vouchers -- 1959-1967
FF3880	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Committee on Business Enterprise Research -- Correspondence -- 1953-1955
FF3881	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Committee on Business Enterprise Research -- Memoranda -- 1954-1955
FF3882	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Committee on Business Enterprise Research -- Conference on Business Enterprise -- 1953
FF3883	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Committee on Business Enterprise Research -- Report -- “The Business Enterprise as a Subject for Research” -- Bowen -- N.D.
FF3884	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Committee on Problems and Policy -- Correspndence -- 1963-1969
FF3885	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Committee on Problems and Policy -- Munutes -- 1961-1965
FF3886	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Committee on Problems and Policy -- Minutes -- 1966-1967
FF3887	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Committee on Problems and Policy -- Minutes -- 1969-1970
FF3888	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Committee on Problems and Policy -- Travel Vouchers -- 1962-1967

Box 52
Consulting

FF3889	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council --Committee on Simulation of Cognitive Processes -- Correspondence -- 1959-1962
FF3890	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council --Committee on Simulation of Cognitive Processes -- Minutes -- 1959-1962
FF3891	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Conferences and Seminars -- Conference on Quanititative Description of Technological Change -- 1950-1951
FF3892	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Conferences and Seminars -- Research Training Institute in the Simulation of Cognitive Processes -- Address List -- 1958-1963
 
Box 52 - Continued
FF3893	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Conferences and Seminars -- Research Training Institute in the Simulation of Cognitive Processes -- Correspondence -- 1962-1963 
FF3894	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Conferences and Seminars -- Research Training Institute in the Simulation of Cognitive Processes -- Final Report -- August 1963
FF3895	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Conferences and Seminars -- Research Training Institute in the Simulation of Cognitive Processes -- Proposal -- 1962
FF3896	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Conferences and Seminars -- Summer Research Training Institute in Organization Theory and Research -- 1955-1956
FF3897	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Conferences and Seminars -- Summer Research Training Institute in Organization Theory and Research --1956-1957
FF3898	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Conferences and Seminars -- Summer Research Training Institute in Organization Theory and Research -- Comments on SSRC Seminar -- 1957-1958
FF3899	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Conferences and Seminars -- Summer Research Training Institute on Heuristic Programming -- 1962
FF3900	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Conferences and Seminars -- Summer Research Training Institute on Simulation of Cognitive Processes -- 1957-1958
FF3901	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Conferences and Seminars -- Summer Research Training Institute on Simulation of Cognitive Processes -- 1958
FF3902	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Confidential Report on a Candidate for Fellowship - **Restricted File** -- N.D.
FF3903	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Correspondence -- 1949-1972
FF3904	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Expense Statements -- 1967-1972
FF3905	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Paper -- “Mao’s China on 1972” -- Simon -- 1973
FF3906	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Publications -- Announcement -- 1957-1972
FF3907	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Publications -- Annual Report -- 1948-1954
FF3908	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Publications -- Annual Report -- 1955-1959
FF3909	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Publications -- Annual Report -- 1959-1963
FF3910	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Publications -- Annual Report -- 1963-1968
 
Box 52 - Continued
FF3911	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- Social Science Research Council -- Publications -- Newsletter -- ITEMS -- 1949-1973
FF3912	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- TIMS (The Institute of Management Sciences) -- Correspondence -- 1955-1967
FF3913	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- TIMS (The Institute of Management Sciences) -- Correspondence -- 1967-1978
FF3914	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- University of Pittsburgh -- Board of Visitors for the Administrative Science Center -- Correspondence --1956, 1958
FF3915	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Science, Space and Technology -- Testimony -- “Social and Behavioral Science Programs in the National Foundation” -- Simon -- March 14, 1989
FF3916	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting -- U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation -- Testimony -- on Importance of Federal Sopport of Scienctifitc Research -- Simon -- September 29, 1989
FF3917	Simon, Herbert A. -- Consulting: Westinghouse Electric Corporation -- 1958






























Series VII. Lectures and Talks -- 1951-2000

Box 53
Lectures and Talks

FF3918	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Psychological Association (APA) -- ‘The Use of Computers in Behavioral Research” -- September 1, 1961
FF3919	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Academy of Management -- Centennial and Anniversary Meeting -- “Behaving Like a Mangager” -- Chicago, IL -- August 13-16, 1986
FF3920	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Administrative Sciences Association of Canada (ASAC) -- University of Toronto -- Annual Conferecne -- “Analytic and Intuitive Decision Making” -  June 1, 1987
FF3921	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks --Alfred University -- Scholes Lecture -- “Artificial Intelligence and the Real Thing” -- April 4, 1985
FF3922	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- “Thinking by humans and Computers” -- April 10, 1986
FF3923	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Aluminum Compnay of America (ALCOA) -- Advanced Management Program -- “Management Decision-Making” -- February 10, 1967
FF3924	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Academy of Arts and Sciences (AAAS_ - Bicentennial Symposium on The Life of the Mind: Unity and Diversity” “Unity of the Arts and Sciences: The Psychology of Thought and Discovery” -- May 15-16, 1981
FF3925	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) -- Symposium on The Structure of Human Memory: Alternative Psychological Conceptions -- New York, NY -- January 28-30, 1975
FF3926	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American College of Hospital Administration (ACHA) -- First Congress on Administration -- “The Administrator as Decision-Maker” -- Chicago, IL -- February 9-11, 1958
FF3927	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American College of Hospital Administration (ACHA) -- Parker B. Francis Foundation Distinguished Lectrue -- Philadelphia, PA -- September 1, 1981
FF3928	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Economic Association (AEA) -- Christmas Meeting -- “Economnics and Organization Theory” -- December 1956
FF3929	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Economic Association (AEA) -- Distinguished Fellowship Award -- Atlantic City, NJ -- September 17, 1976
FF3930	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Economic Association (AEA) -- Ely Lecture -- New York, NY -- Correspondence -- December 28-30, 1977 
FF3931	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Economic Association (AEA) -- Luncheon to Honor Nobel Laureate, Herbert A. Simon -- “Reply to Remarks by Richard Cyert and Roy Radner” -- Atlanta, GA -- December 29, 1979
FF3932	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Educational Research Association (AERA) -- 1967 Annual Meeting -- “Comuters and Congition” -- New York, NY -- February 16, 1967
 
Box 53 - Continued
FF3933	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Educational Research Association (AERA) -- 1974 Annual Meeting -- Chicago, IL -- April 15-19, 1974
FF3934	Simon, Herbert A.- Lectures and Talks -- American Educational Research Association (AERA) -- 1974 Annual Meeting -- “Human Knowledge and Intelligence from an Information Processing Viewpoint” -- “Understanding Written Problem Instructions” -- Chicago, IL -- April 1974 
FF3935	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Educational Research Association (AERA) -- 1975 Annual Meeting -- Special Interest Group for Research in Mathematics Educaiton -- “Knowledge and Skill in Problem Solving” -- Washington D.C. --March 31, April 4, 1975
FF3936	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Educational Research Association (AERA) -- 1980 Annual Meeting -- “How Close is Cognitive Theory for Educational Practice” -- Boston, MA -- April 7-11, 1980
FF3937	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Federation of Information Processing Societies -- 1966 Spring Joint Computer Conference -- ‘A Chess Mating Combinations Program” -- Baylor and Simon -- 1966
FF3938	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) -- Charles M. Schwab Memorial Lecture -- “The Meaning of Computes for Management and Society’ -- “The computer Revolution” -- New York, NY -- May 26, 1982
FF3939	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Mathematical Society -- Josia Willard Gibbs Lecture -- “Computer Modeling of the Processes of Scientific and Mathematical Discovery” -- Louisville KY -- January 25, 1984
FF3940	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Philosophical Society (APS) -- Annual General Meeting -- “The Architecture of Complexit: Some Common Properties of Complex Sstems” -- Philadelphia, PA -- Proceedings -- April 26-28, 1962
FF3941	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks- American Philosophical Society (APS) -- “Theoretical Models in Small-Group Research” -- Location Unknown -- 1957
FF3942	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Political Science Association (APSA) -- Harold D. Lasswell Symposium -- “New Ideas in Political Research: Artificial Intelligence” -- Denver, CO -- September 2-5, 1982
FF3943	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Political Science Association (APSA) -- James Madison Award -- “Human Nature in Politics: The Dialogue of Psychology with Political Science” -- Washington D.C. -- August 31, 1984
FF3944	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Psychological Association (APA) -- APA Paper on Teaching Machines -- “Research Issues in the Study of Human Learning Raised by Developments in Automated Teaching Methods” -- September 8, 1959
FF3945	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Psychological Association (APA) -- Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award -- 1969
FF3946	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Psychological Association (APA) -- Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award Address -- 1970-1971
FF3947	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Psychological Association (APA) -- Introduction of Allen Newell, Recipient of 1985 Award -- August 23, 1986
 
Box 53 - Continued
FF3948	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Psychological Association (APA) -- Invited Address to Division of Experimental Psychology -- “The Psychology of Scientific Discovery” -- Los Angeles, CA -- August 23, 1985
FF3949	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Psychological Association (APA) --Public Lecture Program -- “New Theories of Learning from Cognitice Science” -- Los Angeles, CA -- August 24, 1985
FF3950	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Psychological Association (APA) -- Workshop on the impact and Potential of Decision Research on Decision Aiding -- “Decision Making” -- Washington, D.C. -- May 4-5, 1987
FF3951	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lecture and Talks -- American Psychological Foundation (APF) -- APA/ APF Gold Medal Award -- Atlanta, GA -- August 13, 1988
FF3952	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Society of Newspaper Editors (ASNE) -- “The Daily Newspaper’s Place in a Modern Information System” -- Washington, D.C. -- April 18, 1969
FF3953	 Simon, Herbert A. -- Lecture and Talks -- American Society for Public Administration (ASPA) -- Pittsburgh Area Chapter -- Symposium on Ethics and Technology in Public Service -- “Technology and Public Governance” -- March 14, 1986
FF3954	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- ASPA / TIMS --Los Angeles Chapter -- “Computers and Decision-Making” -- February 23-28, 1961
FF3955	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- American Speech and hearing Association (ASHA) -- “Scientific Discovery: Random Search or Reasoned Search?” -- Houston, TX -- November 22, 1976
FF3956	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Amherst College -- Conference on the Search for Life Behond the Earth -- November 23, 1968
FF3957	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (AIM)  - Fourth Annual Workshop Deynote Speech -- Rutgers University -- June 25-28, 1978
FF3958	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) -- Conference on Computers and the quality of Life -- Minneapolis, MN -- October 20-22, 1975
FF3959	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) -- “Experiments with Heuristic Compiler” -- Syracuse, NY -- September 7, 1962
FF3960	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) -- “Extensions of the Heuristic Compiler” -- San Diego, CA -- May 6, 1965
FF3961	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) -- “Heuristic Programming: A Point of View” -- Location Unknown -- March 23, 1965
FF3962	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) -- “Problem Solving Programs” -- Location Unknown - May 4, 1965
FF3963	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) -- New York/ Syracuse University -- “Computer Understanding of Problem Instrucitons in Natural Language” -- May 11, 1977
FF3964	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) -- Pittsburgh Chapter -- “Present State and Prospects in Artificial intelligence” -- January 12, 1983
 
Box 53 - Continued
FF3965	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) -- Turning Award Lecture -- “Computer Science as Empirical Inquiry: Symbols and Search” -- Newell and Simon -- Communications Of The Acm: 19:3 -- October 20, 1975 
FF3966	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) -- ACM / CRB Conference on Strategic Directions in Computing Research -- “Research Directions for AI: Scientific Discovery” -- Arlington, VA -- October 11-13, 1989
FF3967	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Automaiton Hall of Fame -- “Remarks by Herbert A. Simon” -- March 18, 1996
FF3968	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 86 Bavarian Visit -- Lindau, Germany -- 36th Meeting of the Nobel Prize Winners -- “The Concept of Human Rationality in Econoomics and Psychology” -- july 1-4, 1986
FF3969	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 86 Bavarian Visit -- Universitat regensburg -- Universitat Erlangen-Nuernberg -- “The Parameters of Human Memory” -- July 8-10, 1986
FF3970	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- BBN Laboratories Incorporated- Science Development Program Guest lecture Series -- “The Processses of Scientific Discovery” -- October 9, 1987
FF3971	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Berlin Humboldt University, Germany -- Symposium in Memoriam Hermann Ebbinghaus -- “The Parameters of Short-Term nad Long-term Capabilities -- July 1-6, 1985
FF3972	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Bethan College -- “How Computers (and People) Understand Written Problem Instructions” - May 4, 1976
FF3973	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Bilkent University -- Ankara, Turkey -- First Bilkent / Carnegie Mellon Joint Conference -- “Scientific Discovery: A Cognitive Explanation” -- “Heuristic Search and logical Inference” -- May 19-30, 1989
FF3974	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Brandeis University -- Department of Mathematics Colloquia Series: Prospects for the Mathematical Development of the Social Sciences -- “Computer Programming Languages as Mathematical Languages for Social Science” -- N.D.
FF3975	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Brandeis University -- Graduate Seminar -- “Role Theory and Comuter Programs” -- March 5, 1963
FF3976	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lecture and Talks -- Brown University -- “How Computers Can Learn from Experience” -- October 17, 1961
FF3977	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Bucknell University -- The Ralph Spielman Memorial Lecture -- “Modeling the Human Mind: Thinking by Computer” -- September 10, 1985
FF3978	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lecture and Talks -- Cal Tech -- Unclassified Seminars -- “Simulatin on Human Thought” -- January 10, 1961
FF3979	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Cal Tech -- Unclassified Seminars- “Simulation of Some Perceptual and Memory Processes: EPAM” -- January 19, 1961 -- January 19, 1961
 
Box 53 - Continued
FF3980	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Cal Tech (California Institute of Technology) -- Information Processing for Research and Education Symposium -- “On the Organization of Thought” -- Program -- December 11, 1963
FF3981	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Canadian Information Processing Society (CIPS) -- Session 80 -- “Computer Simulation of Human Thinking” -- Victoria, B.C. -- May 12-14, 1980
FF3982	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- CIT Assembly -- On Thinking Machines -- Newell, Shaw and Simon -- October 14, 1958
FF3983	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- Carnegie Conference -- Alumni Federation -- “Strategy for Learning” -- June 9, 1962
FF3984	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- Carnegie Conference -- Alumni Fereration -- The Coputer Creativity and Modern Society -- “Understanding Creativity” -- June 6, 1964
FF3985	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- Conference No 19 -- The Digital Computer: A Universal Tool in Engineering, Science and Management -- “Using Computers for Complex Problem Solving Tasks” -- Simon and Newell -- November 16, 1956
FF3986	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- GSIA / Ford Foundation -- Summer Seminar -- “On the Revolution in Udnerstanding the Mind” -- Williamstown, MA -- August 16, 1957
FF3987	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) --GSIA Tenth Anniversary Symposium -- Management and Corporations 1985 -- “The Corporation:Will It Be Managed by Machines?” -- April 21-22, 1960
FF3988	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- Physics Seminar -- On Complex Information Processes and Human Problem Solving -- Newell, Shaw and Simon -- October 1957
FF3989	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- Project Social Studies -- “How do Students Learn?” -- May 23, 1963
FF3990	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- Semniar on Organizaiton Research -- April 3, 1968
FF3991	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- Social Science Research Council Conference -- On Expectations in Social Sciences -- Pittsburgh, PA -- 1955
FF3992	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- Talk to GSIA Alumni -- “Organizing for Innovation” -- April 30, 1965
FF3993	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- Talk to Incoming Freshmen -- September 9, 1959
FF3994	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) --Talk to Incoming GSIA Students -- September 18, 1958
FF3995	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- Talk to UCLA Class -- “Using Computers to Stimulate Human Thinking” -- May 5, 1961
 
Box 53 - Continued
FF3996	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- AISEC Chapter -- ‘Leadership and Decision Making in the Corporation” -- March 12, 1979
FF3997	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Alumni Associatin -- 1969, 1971-1973
FF3998	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Alumni Association -- 12th Carnegie Conference -- Technology, Society and the Quality of Life -- “An Intelligent Social Policy Toward Science and Technology” -- April 29, 1972
FF3999	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Alumni Association -- Minneapolis / St. Paul Clan Event -- “Intelligence in People and Computers” -- 1982, October 4, 1984
FF4000	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Business Club o New York Luncheon Meeting -- “ The Use of Artifical Intelligence” -- November 10, 1982
FF4001	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Carneige Symposium on Cognition -- Affect and Cognition -- May 29-31, 1981
FF4002	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Carneige Symposium on Cognition -- Complex Information Processing Comes of Age -- “Scientists as Problem Solvers” -- May 28-30, 1987
FF4003	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Carneige Symposium on Cognition -- Knowledge Bases for Cognitive Behavior  - “Constructing the Problem Space” -- May 15-16, 1973
FF4004	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Carneige Symposium on Cognition -- Scinetific Approaches to the Question of Consciousness -- May 20-22, 1993
FF4005	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Christianity and Science Class Lecture -- “Artificial Intelligence” -- November 4, 1976
FF4006	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- College Management Program -- June 8, 1979
FF4007	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- College Management Program -- June 25-26, 1980
FF4008	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Computer Science Diploma Ceremony -- SCS Commencement Spearker Speech -- Panel Session -- May 14-15, 1994
FF4009	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Computer Science Lecture Series -- “Automatin and Bureaucracy” -- January 29, 1970
FF4010	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- A Conferecne in Honor of Gerald L. Thompson on the Occasion of his 70th Birthday -- Operations Research: Methods, Models, and Applications -- October 17-18, 1993
FF4011	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Design Research Center (DRC)  - Proposals to Fund the Center -- 1971-1973, 1977-1980
 
Box 53 - Continued
FF4012	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Eight-Eighth Commencement -- Presentation of Honorary Degree to Takchiko Matsuda -- May 13, 1985
FF4013	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- “Environment “ -- April 3, 1970
FF4014	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Environmental Design Research Association Conference -- “Style and Design” -- October 30, 1970
FF4015	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- GSIA 35th Anniversary Symposium -- Information and Decision-Making in the Year 2000 -- “Unspoken Thoughts on an Anniversary” -- April 26-27, 1985
FF4016	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- GSIA/ Nippon Univac -- Advanced Technology Seminar -- “Organizational Change and Adaptation” -- September 22-October 4, 1978
FF4017	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- GSIA / Scandinavian Joint Faculty Seminar -- Gothenburg, Sweden -- “Information Storage as a Problem in Organization Design” -- August 3-16, 1969
FF4018	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- GSIA Seminar -- “Computer Simulation of Concept Formation” -- October 18, 1963
FF4019	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- GSIA Seminar -- “Decision Making and Short-term Memory” -- October 20, 1966
FF4020	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- GSIA Seminar -- “Music and the Stock Market” -- January 18, 1967
FF4021	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- “The Imitation of Human Thinking” -- October 17, 1967
FF4022	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- 5th International Conference on Computers and Philosophy -- “The Computer is a Laboratory for Epistemology” -- August 10-12, 1989
FF4023	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- History and Public Policy Smeinar -- “Northern Ireland: A Problem without a Solution” -- March 16, 1976
FF4024	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Last Lecture Series -- “The Cat that Curiosity Couldn’t Kill” -- CARNEGIE MELLON MAGAZINE VOL 10:1 -- 1991, 1995
FF4025	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- President’s Distinguished Lecture Series -- “Environment, Energy and all that: How Policies are Made” -- September 19, 1991
FF4026	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- SARC -- Issues in Business Today II -- “Decision Making within the Firm” -- April 28, 1979
FF4027	Simon, Herbert A. -- b Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- SDC Seminar -- “Experiments with Heuristic Compiler” -- June 1, 1961
FF4028	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- SDC Seminar -- “The Simulation of Human Thought” -- November 1961
 
Box 53 - Continued
FF4029	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Student Alumni Relations Council (SARC) Business  Conference -- April 28, 1979
FF4030	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Student Assembly Meeting -- Talk on Political Events in Beijing, China -- June 3, 1989
FF4031	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- A Sumposium in Honor of Clarence Zener -- “Scientific Creativity” -- November 23, 1985
FF4032	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- “Student Participaiton in University Senate” -- April 7-9, 1976
FF4033	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Symposium on Algorithims and Complexity: New Directions and Recent Results -- “Measures of Complexity for Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon and Dadane 
FF4034	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Talk to Computer Science Immigration Course -- “The Heuristic Compiler” -- “How to Do Research” -- “My Current Research” -- 1973, 1984, 1993-1994, 1996-1997, 1999-2000
FF4035	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Talk to University Senate -- December 10, 1974
FF4036	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- Technology and Human Values Lecture Series -- “The Meaning of a Liberal Arts Education in a Technical Society” -- March 9, 1977
FF4037	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) -- University Honors Banquet -- “Thinking about Thinking” -- Febrarry 16, 1984
FF4038	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Centre De Recherces Et D’etudes Des Chefs D’entreprise (CRC) -- Paris, France -- “Is There a Productivity Crisis in the World” -- “Economic and Social Effects of the Information Processing Revolution” -- 1981
FF4039	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trips -- Language and Ideogram Notes -- N.D.
FF4040	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trip, 1972 -- July 10-28, 1972
FF4041	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trip, 1980 -- Chinese Academy of Sciences -- “Modern Trends in Management” -- October 13-28, 1980
FF4042	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trip, 1980 -- First Annual Meeting of the AI Association of China -- “Artificial Intelligence” -- October 17, 1980
FF4043	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trip, 1980 -- Tientsin University -- “Scientific Exchange Between Nations” -- October 29, November 5, 1980
FF4044	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trip, 1980 -- Various Correspondence -- 1980-1981
FF4045	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trip, 1983 -- April -- June 1983
 
Box 54
Lectures and Talks

FF4046	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trip, 1984 -- Joint Seminar on Automation and Intelligent Systmes in Beijig -- Institute of Atomaiton Academia Sinica -- May 14-June 3, 1984
FF4047	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trip, 1985 -- Institute of Psychology Academia Sinica, Beijing -- Symposium Marking the Opening of the NAS/ CSCPRC China Office -- July 6-28, 1985
FF4048	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trip, 1986 -- CSCPRC and Academia Sinica -- NAS/CAS Meeting, Beijing -- May 14 -- June 1, 1986
FF4049	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trip, 1987 -- World Bank International Seminar on Enterprise Organization and Management Reform, Beijing -- “Management of Productive Enterprises” -- October 11-17, 1987
FF4050	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trip, 1989 -- Institute of Psychology Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing -- June 7-21, 1989
FF4051	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 15th CIOS International Management Conference -- Tokyo, Japan -- Open Lecture Meeting -- Computer Symposium -- Diamond Publishing Co -- October 27-November 18, 1969 
FF4052	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 15th CIOS International Management Conference -- Tokyo, Japan -- Open Lecture Meeting -- Computer Symposium -- “Understanding of the Systems Concept” -- “Development of the Management Systems in the Information Age” -- October 27-November 18, 1969
FF4053	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The College of William and Mary in Virginia -- “The Processes of Scientific Discovery : Computer Simulation of Creative Thinking” -- “Implications of Modern Cognitive Psychology for Learning and Teaching’ -- February 21-22, 1990
FF4054	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lecture and Talks -- Columbia University -- Computer Science Building Convocation Program -- “Cohabiting the Planet with Computers” -- October 10-11, 1983
FF4055	 Simon, Herbert A. -- Lecture and Talks -- Columbia University -- Computer Science Building Convocation Program -- The Honorary Degree Ceremony -- October 10-12, 1983
FF4056	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lecture and Talks -- Columbia University -- Lecture Series -- “Computer Simulaiton in the Study of Human Behavior” -- Lectures 1-6 -- February 8-21, 19959
FF4057	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lecture and Talks -- Columbia University -- On Decision Making Research -- October 4, `958
FF4058	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lecture and Talks -- Columbia University -- Seminar on Mathematical Methods in the social Sciences -- “Methodology of Process Analysis” -- May 8, 1978
FF4059	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lecture and Talks -- Columbia University Teacher’s College -- Julius and Rose Sache Fund Centennial Lecture -- “Human Programming: Is it Logical?” -- “Learning from Examples and by Doing” -- October 3, 1988
 
Box 54 - Continued 
FF4060	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Committee on Science, Engineering and Public Policy (COSEPUP) -- 1987 Research Briefing Topics -- Washington, DC -- October 16-17, 1986
FF4061	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- COMPCON -- Spring ’81 -- “Prometheus or Pandora” -- San Fransisco, CA -- February 25, 1981
FF4062	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- XVII Congres International de Psychologie Appliquee -- Liege, Belgium -- Congres Jubilaire 1920 -- 1971 -- “Applied Mathematical Psychology” -- 1971
FF4063	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Cornell University -- “Bower and Trebasso” -- April 8, 1966
FF4064	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Cornell University -- “Computer Simulation of Decision Making and Role Behavior” -- “The Shape of Automaiton: Technical and Economic” -- “Organizations as Man-Computer Systems” -- May 10-12, 1965
FF4065	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Cowles Commission for Research in Economics -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- National Academy of Sciences Coordinating Committee on Air Quality Control -- “The Energy Problem” -- January 14, 1979
FF4066	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Council of the Great City Schools -- “The New Cognitive Science: Implications for Learning and Teaching” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- September 19-22, 1985
FF4067	Simon, Herbert A. -- Crowell Collier -- “Organizing Information for Administrative Action” -- New York, NY -- January 25, 1967
FF4068	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- CYES Conference -- “Organizations and Markets in Economic Development’ -- Pittsburgh, Pa -- December 22-23, 1989
FF4069	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks --Dalhousie University -- “On the Nature of Thought” Lecture Series -- “Information Processing Explanation of Understanding” -- September 23, 1977
FF4070	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- DARPA AI Roundtable Meeting -- “Accomplishments of AI” -- Alexandria, VA -- March 17, 1988
FF4071	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Darthmouth College, Department of Psychology -- Wolfgang Kohler Memorial Lecture -- “Understanding Written Problem Instructions” -- “Thinking in Apes, Men and Computers” -- May 15-16, 1975
FF4072	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- DCA -- Talk on Thinking Computers -- Location Unknown -- April 21, 1961
FF4073	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Drake University’s Community College -- The Executive Development Program on Organization and the Administrative Functions -- “The Functions of the Administrator” -- March 24, 1953
FF4074	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Duke University -- “Coping with an Information Flooded World” -- March 17-18, 1976
FF4075	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Duquesne University -- Commencement -- Honorary Degree Ceremony -- “The Look Ahead” -- May 6, 1988
FF4076	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Eastern Economics Association (EEA) -- Annual Convention -- Distinguished Guest Lecture -- “Some Tasks for Economics” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- March 21, 1985
 
Box 54 - Continued
FF4077	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Eastern Psychological Association (EPA) -- Annual Meeting -- “A Microanalysis of Human Problem Solving Behavior” -- Atlantic City, NJ -- April 3, 1959
FF4078	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Eastern Psychological Association (EPA) -- Annual Meeting -- Invited Address -- Atlantic City , NJ -- April 3-4, 1970
FF4079	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- EDUCOM -- 22nd Annual Conference -- “Why the Steam Engin Was Revolutionary” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- November 11-14, 1986
FF4080	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Ekonomisk Forskning -- Lund, Sweden -- Management and Decision-Making -- New Trends in Research -- “Substantive and Procedural Rationality” -- April 8-10, 1976
FF4081	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Emory University -- Career Scholars Program -- ‘The Simulation of Thought” -- October 7, 1965
FF4082	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Erasmus University, Rotterdam -- Symposium on Quality of Management -- “Quality of Decision and Quality of Management’ -- April 15-16, 1987
FF4083	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- ETS (Educational Testing Service) -- Distinguished Visiting Scholars in psychology -- “Perception and Tree Search in Game Playing’ -- Princeton, Nj -- May 1-5, 1967 
FF4084	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- European Management Forum, Switzerland -- Davos Symposium on an Agenda for European Business Leaders: international Cooperation, Productivity and Social Commitment -- “How will Emerging Technology Affect Decision-making” -- January 31-February 8, 1980 
FF4085	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- European Trip, Spring 1979 -- March 18-April 4, 1979 
FF4086	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- European Trip, Spring 1979 -- Montreal, Canada -- MacGill University -- “Expert and novice Performance in Soving Physics Problems” -- March 19-20, 979
FF4087	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- European Trip, Spring 1979 -- Darmstadt, West Germany -- Forschungsgruppe CUU -- “Congitive Science:  Rationality in Man and Machine” -- March 21-22, 1979
FF4088	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- European Trip, Spring 1979 -- Stuttgart, West Germany -- Institut fur Informatik -- “Cognitive Science: Rationality in Man and Machine” -- March 23-24, 1979
FF4089	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- European Trip, Spring 1979 -- Vienna, Austria -- International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) -- “How Can We Approach Ill-Structured Problems?” -- “Proceduaral Rationality and Policy Decisions” -- March 23-24, 1979
FF4090	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- European Trip, Spring 1979 -- Berlin, West Germany -- International Institute of Management (IIM) -- “Implications of the Theory of Decision Making for Macroeconomics” -- March 29-31, 1979
FF4091	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- European Trip, Spring 1979 -- Helsinki, Finland -- Helsinki School of Economics -- SANNAS -- University of Helsinki -- “The Theory of Managerial Decision Making” -- Is There a Logic of Scientific Discovery?” -- 1978-1979
 
Box 54 - Continued
FF4092	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks --  Fedeeral Security Agency -- Public Health Service -- Seminars on Administration --“Administration-Principals or Proverbs” -- October 15-16, 1951
FF4093	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Federation of Behavioral, Psychological and Congitive Sciences (FBPCS) -- Science and Public Policy Seminar -- “Using Congitive Science to Solve Human Problems” -- Washington, D.C. -- June 21, 1985
FF4094	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- First International Conference on Mathematical Modeling -- University of Missouri -- “Mathematical and Computer Lnaguages for he Behavioral Sciences” -- August 29-September 1, 1977
FF4095	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- First International Symposium on Knowledge’s Engineering -- Madrid University of Technology, Spain -- “The Goals of Artificial Intelligence Research: Basic and Applied” -- November 6, 1985
FF4096	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks --  First Unitarian Church -- Pittsburhg, PA -- “Herbert Simon on China’ -- October 2, 1983
FF4097	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- First Unitarian Church -- Pittsbrugh , PA -- “Prometheus Unbound” -- November 30, 1969
FF4098	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks --  First Unitarian Church -- Toledo, OH -- “Technology: Master or Servant” -- November 8, 1981
FF4099	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Fondation Latsis -- Gstaad Colloquium, Switzerland -- “Enhancing Human Performance” -- January 15-18, 1988
FF4100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks --  Ford Foundation -- Economics Education and Research in China -- Luncheon Meeting on China Economics Program -- New York, Ny -- December 4, 1984
FF4101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Ford Foundation -- Committee on Economics Eduation and Research in China (CEERC) -- First Meeting -- New York, NY -- January 24, 1985
FF4102	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Ford Foundation -- Committee on Economics Eduation and Research in China (CEERC) -- Second Meeting -- New York, NY -- May 10, 1985
FF4103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Ford Foundation -- Committee on Scholarly Communication with the People’s Republic of China (CSCPRC) -- Lunchieon Meeting on Field Research in Rural China -- New York, NY -- October 15, 1986
FF4104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Ford Foundation -- Committee on Economics Education and Reserch in China (CEERC) -- Joint U.S. -- China Economics Eduation Committee Meeting -- New York, NY -- September 4, 1987
FF4105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Forkham University -- Fifth Annual Gannon Lecture -- “Using AI to Study Natural Intelligence” -- “Uses of Reason in Human Affairs” -- November 9-10, 1982
FF4106	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The Franklin Foundation Lecture Series -- Georgia Statse University -- “Alineation in Organizations” -- November 18, 1976
FF4107	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 1984 French-German Appearances -- GRASCE -- Trip Planning -- January 29-February 10, 1984
 
Box 54 - Continued
FF4108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 1984 French-German Appearances -- Aiz-en-Provence, France -- Faculte d’Econimie appliquee D’Aix-Marseille -- “Medaille de Vermeil” Award -- “The Impact of the New Information Technology on Human Organization” -- January 3031 -- 1984
FF4109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 1984 French-German Appearances -- Montpellier, France -- Universite Paul Valery -- “Docteur Honoris Causa’ Award -- Colloquium on “Autour de l’Ouvre de H.A. SIMON: le Paradigme S.T.I.” 2 -- February 1-4, 1984
FF4110	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 1984 French-German Appearances -- Montpellier, France -- Universite Paul Valery -- Colloquium on “Autorou de l’Ouvre de H.A.SIMON: le Paradigme S.T.I.” -- February 1-4, 1984
FF4111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Organization Theory; From Chester Barnard to the Present and Beyond -- Williamson -- Review by Simon -- 
FF4112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 1984 French-German Appearances -- Montpellier, France -- Universite Paul Valery -- Colloquium on “Autorou de l’Ouvre de H.A.SIMON: le Paradigme S.T.I.” -- Theme III - February 1-4, 1984
FF4113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 1984 French-German Appearances -- Montpellier, France -- Universite Paul Valery -- Colloquium on “Autorou de l’Ouvre de H.A.SIMON: le Paradigme S.T.I.” -- February 1-4, 1984
FF4114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 1984 French-German Appearances -- Montpellier, France -- Universite Paul Valery -- Colloquium on “Autorou de l’Ouvre de H.A.SIMON: le Paradigme S.T.I.” -- February 1-4, 1984
FF4115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 1984 French-German Appearances -- Paris, France -- AFCET Conference -- “Les Nouvelles Sciences -- Comprendre les Sciences de l’Artificial” -- February 1984
FF4116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 1984 French-German Appearances --Paris, Frnae -- CNRS Lecture -- “Expert and Novice Problem Solving in Science nad Mathematics” -- l’Ecole Nationale des Ponts et Chaussees Lecture -- February 17, 1984
FF4117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 1984 French-German Appearances -- Munich, Germany -- Bayerishe Akademie der Wissenchaften / C.F. von Siemens Stiftung -- Werner Heisenberg Lectures -- “Behond Expert Systems” -- February 19, 1984
FF4118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Funk Universitat -- Berlin, Germany -- Psychologie und Soziologie des Konflikts -- “Schopferisches Verhalten als Konfliktbewaltigung” -- May 1969
FF4119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- General Electric (GE) -- Advanced Management Course, Plan for Day 30 -- “Decision Making” -- July 8, 1959
FF4120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- General Electric (GE) --“Decision Making and the Principle of Bounded Rationality” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- July 25, 1958
FF4121	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- General Electric (GE) -- Talk on Organizational Decision Making -- Crotonville, NY -- February 6, 1959
FF4122	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- General Electric (GE) -- Modern Engineering Course -- “What is Artificial Intelligence” -- Saratoga Springs, NY -- October 28, 1982
 
Box 54 - Continued
FF4123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks --Geneva College -- Business-Eonomics Club -- “What Do Economics and Psychology Tell Us about Decision Making?” -- March 2, 1981
FF4124	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Georgia Institute of Technology -- Associates Program of College of Industrial Management -- “On the Alienation of Workers and Management” -- May 11-13, 1978
FF4125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Georgia Institute of Technology -- Centennial National Lecture Series -- “Understanding Intelligence: Human and Artificial” -- May 14, 1985
FF4126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Grinnell College -- General Campus Talk -- “Imitating the Mind: Computer Simulation of Human Thinking” -- Psychology Colloquium on Research on Learning: A New Look -- March 5, 1981
FF4127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Grove City College -- 1988-1989 Scholar Lecture Series -- “Thinking by People and Machines” -- January 30, 1981
FF4128	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Gustavus Adolphus College -- Doctor of Science Degree Award -- Nobel Conference XX Lecture -- How We Know: the Inner Frontiers of Cognitive Science -- “Some Computer Simulation Models of Human Learning” -- October 3-4, 1984
FF4129	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Hamilton College -- Sigma XI Chapter -- “Artificial Intelligence and the Natural Kind” -- April 20, 1978

Box 55
Lectures and Talks

FF4130	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Harvard University -- Business School -- On Information Planning Systems -- November 1, 1971
FF4131	Simon, Herbert A. -- --  Lectures and Talks -- Harvard University -- Computer Center -- “Experiment with Heuristic Compiler” -- March 13, 1963
FF4132	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Harvard University -- Economics Seminar -- “Maximizing and Satisfying” -- “Stochastic Theories of Economic Distributions” -- May 21, 1957
FF4133	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Harvard University -- Psychology Colloquium -- ‘Congnitive Bases for Expertise” -- CMU Alumni Talk -- ‘Exploring the Human Mind with a Computer” -- April 2-3, 1981
FF4134	Simon, Herbert A.  -  Lectures and Talks -- Harvard University -- “Two Faces of Rationality” -- February 22, 1975
FF4135	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Harvard University -- William James Lectures -- Symbolic Processes in Human Behavior -- February 19-March 28, 1963
FF4136	 Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- To High School Students -- “What Is a Computer?” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- October 1957  
FF4137	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Hew 25th Anniversary Conference -- “Man is a Serial Animal” -- June 29,k 1971
FF4138	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Hiram College -- Institute for Human Effectiveness Seminar Series -- Issues for the 90’s -- “Human and Artificial Intelligence in Our Lives Today and Tomorrow” -- November 13, 1991
 
Box 55 - Continued
FF4139	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- House Committee on Science and Technology -- The Task Force on Science Policy -- Hearing on The Role of the Social Sciences -- September 17, 1985
FF4140	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- IBM -- “Artificial Intelligence” -- Location Unknown -- February 7, 1968
FF4141	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- IBM -- “Artificial Intelligence I” -- “Artificial Intellignece II” -- Sands Pilot -- July 22, 1966   
FF4142	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- IBM -- The Burlington Lectures -- “computer Programs that Learn and Discover” -  Burlington, VT -- March 18, 1981
FF4143	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- IBM -- “Design of Organizations” -- Location Unknown -- N.D.
FF4144	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- IBM -- “Design of Organizations” -- Sands Point -- June 25, 1968
FF4145	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- IBM -- Distinguished Lecturer Series On Future Computer Systems -- “Architecture of Complex Systems” -- Yorktown Heights, NY -- June 19, 1985
FF4146	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- IBM -- Executives Compute Concepts Course -- “The Computer as an Extension of Human Intelligence” -- March 2-3, 1965
FF4147	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- IBM -- On Learning Systems -- Endicott, NY -- July 23-24, 1958
FF4148	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- IBM -- Senior Executive Conference -- March 8, 1963
FF4149	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Illionis Institute of Technology -- Commencement -- Honorary Degree Award -- “Leaders and Lemmings” -- May 15, 1988
FF4150	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Indiana University -- Distunguished Lecture Series -- “Significance of Computers” -- The Economic Club of Indianapolis -- “The Impact of Computers on Management” -- October 21-22, 1982
FF4151	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Indiana University -- Wrubel Lecture Program -- “The Psychology of Scientific Program” -- November 16, 1987
FF4152	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Industrial Research Institute, Inc. -- Fall Meeting on Social Impacts of Automation -- Sun Valley, ID -- October 11-15, 1960
FF4153	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Industriens Utredningsinstitut -- Stockholm, Sweden -- Conference on the Dynamics of Decentralized (Market) Economics -- “On the Behavioral and Rational Foundations of Economic Theory” -- August 28-September 1, 1983
FF4154	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Institute for College Presidents -- Advice for College Presidents -- Princeton, NJ -- June 19, 1966
FF4155	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Institute for Social Research ( ISR) -- University of Michigan -- First Founders Symposium -- “Behavioral Research Theory and Public Policy” -- October 24, 1979
FF4156	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Instituto de Ciencias de la Educacion (ICEUM) -- Universidad Complutense de Madrid -- Madrid, Spain -- Scientific Meetings on Cognitive Psychology -- “Studying Human Intelligence by Creating Artificial Intelligence” -- November 1985
 
Box 55 - Continued
FF4157	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The International City Manager’s Association (ICMA) -- 48th Annual Conference -- ‘The Challenge of the new Technology to an Urban Society” -- Chicago, IL -- October 15-17, 1962
FF4158	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The International City Manager’s Association (ICMA) -- Selected Bibliography of Measurement Standards in Municipal Government -- Ridley -- N.D.
FF4159	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Conference on Fifth Generation Computer Systems (FGCS) -- Tokyo, Japan -- ICOT -- “Cognitive Science: Agenda for the Next Decade” -- November 28-December 2, 1988
FF4160	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Conference on Prazeologies and the Philosophy of Economics -- Warsaw, Poland -- Sabre Foundation -- “Methodological Foundations of Economics” -- September 2-5, 1988
FF4161	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- VIIth International Conference on Software Engineering -- IEEE -- Orlando, FL -- “Implications of AI for Software Technology” -- March 26-29, 1984
FF4162	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Congress of Logic, Mehodology, and Philosophy of Science (ICLIMPS) -- Ontario, Canada -- Symposium on Identifiability Problems -- UNESCO -- August 27-September 2, 1975
FF4163	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- XXIst International Congress of Psychology -- Paris, France -- Symposium on Natural and Artificial Intelligence -- “What the Knower Knows” -- Simon nad Gregg -- July 19, 1976
FF4164	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- XXInd International Congress of Psychology -- Leipzig, East Germany -- “The Information Processing Approach in Psychology” -- July 6-12, 1980 
FF4165	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- - International Congress on Planning and Design Theroy (ICPDT) -- “Problem-Forming, Problem Finding, and Problem Solving in Design” -- Boston, MA -- August 17-20, 1987
FF4166	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Federation for Information Processing (IFEIP) Congress 71 -- Ljubljana, Ygoslavia -- “Central Issues in Designing Information Systems for Organizations” -- August 28, 1971
FF4167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Federation for Information Processing (IFIP) -- WG 10.1 Workshop on the Concepts and characteristics of Knowledge-Based Systems -- Mt. Fuji, Japan -- “Human Experts and Knowledge-Based Systems” -- November 9-12, 1987
FF4168	Simon, Herbert A.--  Lectures and Talks -- International Federation of Operational Research Societies (IFORS) Conference 84 -- Washington, D.C. -- Le Moigne Session: “Is Decision Science Still New?” -- August 6-10, 1984
FF4169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 2nd International IFIP / IFAC / IFORS Workshop on Artificial Intelligence in Economics and Management -- Singapore -- Lee Kuan Yew Distiguished Visitor -- “Artificial and Natural Intelligence in Business Decision Making” -- January 9-13, 1989
FF4170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Institute for Applied System Analysis (IIASA) Conference -- Laxenburg, Austria -- “Predicition and Prescription in Systems Modeling” -- June 14-15, 1988
 
Box 55 - Continued
FF4171	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Vth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI) -- MIT, MA -- “The History of Artificial Intelligence” -- August 22-25, 1977
FF4172	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Vth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI) -- Tokoyo, Japan -- “Artificial Intelligence Research Strategies in the Light of AI Models of Scientific Discovery” -- August 20-23, 1979
FF4173	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Neuropsychological Society -- Tenth Annual Meeting -- “Information Processing Explanations of Thinking” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- February 3-6, 1982
FF4174	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Society for Inventory Research (ISIR) -- Ivth International Conference on the Foundations and Applications of Utility, Risk and Decision Theories -- Budapest, Hungary -- “Problems Formulation…” -- June 6-10, 1988 
FF4175	Simon, Herbert A. - Lectures and Talks -- Japan Trip -- Institute of Business Administration and Management (IBAM) -- Yoichi Ueno Memorial Lectures -- “Organizing and Managing in an Information-Rich Society” -- November 5-19, 1977
FF4176	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- John Carroll University -- “Teaching Problem Solving” -- “Organization and Markets” -- “How to Incorporate Problem Solving in Classes” -- “How to Educate for Business Careers’ -- September 17, 1990
FF4177	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Johns Hopkins University -- Applied Physics Laboratory Colloquium -- “Scientific Discovery: A Physical Account” -- October 10, 1986
FF4178	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Johns Hopkins University -- Brookings Institute Lecture -- “Designing Organizations for an Information-Rich World” -- October 9, 1969
FF4179	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Johns Hopkins University -- “Computer Models for Organizational Theory” -- November 14, 1963
FF4180	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Joint Pitt -- Carnegie Tech Seminar -- “New Ideas and Techniques: Developments in Decision-Making” -- ‘Decision Making Execution and the Planning Process” -- 1956, 1958 
FF4181	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Lafayette College - Sigma Xi Lecture -- “The Process of Scientific Discovery: The Evidence from Psychology and Computer Simulation” -- January 25, 1977
FF4182	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Lawrence College -- “Social Implications of the Computer” -- Outline -- 1973
FF4183	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- League of Women Voters -- Sixty-sixth Birthday Celebration -- “The Four Modernizations of China” -- March 14, 1986
FF4184	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Lecture Schedule -- 1984-1985
FF4185	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Lisbon Conference  - Portugal -- Human Rationality and its Limits” -- University of Algarve-- LNETI -- “Information in Management Decision” Correspondence -- Notes -- Article -- Paper -- April 8-14, 1988
FF4186	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- LOVE Conference -- “The Nature of Expertness: Perception and Meaning” -- Abstract -- Outline -- February 25, 1977
 
Box 55 - Continued
FF4187	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Loyola University of Chicago -- Mellon Social Science Award -- “Why Economists Disagree?” -- Correspondence -- Expense Statement -- Itinerary -- September 26, 1986
FF4188	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- LT Group (Logic Theorist)  -- “Heuristic Compiler” -- Location Unknown -- April 13, 1961 
FF4189	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- MacArthur Foundation -- Luncheon Meeting, Washington, D.C. -- Correspondence -- Itinerary -- Notes -- September 23,1988
FF4190	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Management Information Systems --Location Unknown -- “Management Information Systems Technology” -- Outline -- Mission Statement -- Graph -- September 26, 1964
FF4191	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Marietta College -- Monthly Visiting Professor and Faculty Seminar Program -- “Energy and Environment” -- Outline -- Correspondence -- September 26, 1975
FF4192	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Marquette University -- Commencement -- -- Honorary Doctor of Science Degree Award -- Correspondence -- May 17, 1981
FF4193	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The Marshall Society -- Cambridge, England -- “Organization and Markets” -- October 15, 1990
FF4194	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) -- Compton Lectures -- “Models of Behavior” -- Schedule -- Notes -- March 13-21, 1968
FF4195	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT ) -- “Design of Organizations as Man-Machine Systems” -- Outline -- April 15, 1964
FF4196	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) -- Distinguished Lecture Series -- “Learning from Examples and Learning by Doing” -- November 2, 1978
FF4197	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) -- “Our Knowledge of Design: What Will We Do With It?” -- Outline -- Correspondence -- March 9-10, 1989
FF4198	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) -- The Seminar on Technology and Culture -- “Artificial Intelligence: The Computer Concept of Mind” -- April 1, 1976
FF4199	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) -- Supplementary Transactions of the 1956 Symposium on Information Theory -- Kolmogorow -- Siforov -- September 10-12, 1956
FF4200	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Mathematica, Incorporated -- “What Would and Effective Decision Support System Look Like” -- Philadelphia, PA -- Abstract -- Outline -- Correspondence -- May 10, 1982
FF4201	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Hamilton, Canada -- CAAAS Conference -- “Expert Systems and Psychology of Decision Making” -- June 2-5, 1987
FF4202	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Hamilton, Canada -- Irving Zucker Distinguished Lecture -- “On the Alienation of Workers and Management” -- March 8, 1978
 
Box 55 - Continued
FF4203	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Medical Research Council (MRC) Applied Psychology Unit -- Cambridge, UK -- “Visual Imagery and Diagrams” -- April 14, 1987
FF4204	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Mellon Institute -- Fundeamental Theoretical, Inorganic, and Physical Chemistry Research Seminar -- “The Architecture of Complexity” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- Outline -- Release -- January 31, 1964
FF4205	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- MPA -- “Problem Solving and Induction” -- Location Unknown -- May 10, 1973 

Box 56
Lectures and Talks

FF4206	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Michigan Technological University -- Commencement Address -- “On Which Side of the Fence is the Grass Greener?” -- Lectures in Computer Science, Psychology and Business Administration -- “Analytic and Intutive Thinking in Management Decision Making” -- Correspondence -- Speech  -- Notes -- March 18-21, 1988
FF4207	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Nafplion Colloquium, Greece -- Research Progrmmes in Physics and Economics -- “Economics and Psychology” -- Schedule  -- Correspondence -- September 2-14, 1974
FF4208	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National Academy of Sciences -- Cambridge, MA -- Title Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4209	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National Academy of Sciences -- Celebration in Honor of the 1983 American Nobel Laureates in the Sciences -- Program -- March 8, 1984
FF4210	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National Conference on Artificial Intellignece -- AAAI-82 -- August 18-20, 1982
FF4211	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National Council for Social Studies -- “Simulation Research” -- Cleveland, OH -- Outline -- November 22, 1966
FF4212	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National Institutes of Health -- Talk on Creativity and Research Organizations -- -- Washington, DC -- Outline -- Notes -- Problem -- N.D.
FF4213	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National Institutes of Health --“Understanding Natural Language” -- Washington, D.C. -- Outline -- April 25, 1966
FF4214	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National University of Singapore -- The Lee Kuan Yew Distinguished Visitors Programme -- January 8-21, 1989
FF4215	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Naval Research Laboratory -- Sigma Xi Chapter -- Thomas A. Edison Memorial Lecture -- “Scientific Creativity: Some Empirical Findings” -- Washington, D.C. -- February 16, 1989
FF4216	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Naval War College -- Charles H. Davis Lecture -- “Artifical Intelligence: Current Status and Future Potential” -- Newport, RI -- March 28, 1985
FF4217	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Naval War College -- “Background of Decision Making” -- Newport, RI -- August 26, 1957
 
Box 56 - Continued
FF4218	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Netherlands Institute of Psychology, Amsterdam -- Duijker Lecture -- “Man and His Tools” -- Ministerie van Onderwijs, Hague -- Seminar on Public Decision Making -- March 11-14, 1981
FF4219	Simons, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Netherlands Ministry of Education and Sciences -- Artificial Intelligence Seminar -- Correspondence, Schedule, and Notes -- March 12, 1981
FF4220	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- New York Academy of Science -- 170th Annual Dinner -- Honorary Life Membership -- New York, NY -- Correspondence, Itinerary and Pamphlet -- December 8, 1987
FF4221	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- New York University -- Program Seminar Series -- Correspondence -- December 5, 1979
FF4222	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Nobel Memorial Lecture -- “Rational  Decision - Making in Business Organizations” -- Autobiograpy -- 1977-1978
FF4223	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Nobel Symposium -- Lidingo, Sweden -- The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences -- Progress in Science and Its Social Conditions -- “Understanding the Processes of Science: Research on the Psychology of Discovery” -- Correspondence, Schedule and Brochures -- August 15-19, 1983
FF4224	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Nolan, Norton and Company - Distinguished Lecture Series -- “The Impact of Computers on Management, Business, and Society” -- New York, City -- Outline, Abstract and Correspondence -- October 7, 1982
FF4225	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- North American Committee for Humanism Conference -- “Freedom and Discipline” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- Speech and Correspondence -- November 21, 1987
FF4226	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- North Carolina State University -- Cognition Group of North Carolina -- “Psychology of Scientific Discovery” -- November 3, 1990
FF4227	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Northern Arizona University -- Honors Week Keynote Speaker -- “How Scientists Make Discoveries” -- Correspondence and Fliers -- April 15, 1986
FF4228	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Northwestern University -- “How People Solve Problems” -- “Music and the Stock Market” -- “Language: The Meaning of Meaning” -- Outlines -- April 10-12, 1967
FF4229	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Office of Naval Research -- “Developments in Heuristic Programming” -- Washington, DC -- Outline -- January 21, 1960
FF4230	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Office of Naval Research --Symposium on Forty Years of Excellence -- “Evolution of Cognitive Science” -- Washington, D.C. -- October 21-22, 1986
FF4231	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Office of Naval Research --Technical Advisory Group Meeting -- Washington, D.C. -- December 8, 1988  
FF4232	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Ohio State University - AI in Medicine Workshop -- “Learning Systems in Applied AI” -- Outline, Correspondence and Agenda -- June 30-July 3, 1984
FF4233	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Ohio State University -- “Intelligence: Natural and Artificial” -- Outline -- N.D.
 
Box 56 - Continued
FF4234	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Ohio State University -- “The Social Sciences as Cognitive Sciences” -- January 26, 1989
FF4235	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Ohio State University -- “New Light on Human Decision Making and Problem Solving” -- “Economic Dynamics and the Theory of Choice” -- Outlines -- January 22, 1959
FF4236	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Ohio University -- Talk on Decision Making -- Outline -- October 4, 1963
FF4237	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Operations Research Society of America (ORSA) -- On Problem Solving in Science -- Location Unknown -- November 14, 1957
FF4238	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Operations Research Society of America (ORSA) -- ORSA/TIMS Meeting -- “Forms of Rationality” UW-Milwaukee & UW-Madison -- “What the Information Revolution Means to Business” -- October 16, 1979
FF4239	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Operations Research Society of America (ORSA) -- ORSA/TIMS Meeting -- Omega Rho Distinguished Lecturer -- “Two Heads Are Better than One: The Collaboration between AI and OR” -- Miami, Florida -- October 27, 1986
FF4240	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Operations Research Society of America (ORSA) -- ORSA/TIMS Meeting -- “Remarks on Receiving the John Von Neumann Theory Prize” -- Letter and Speech -- 1988
FF4241	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Pennsylvania Library Association, Pittsburgh -- “The Promise of Automation” -- Outline -- October 2, 1964
FF4242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Pennsylvania Psychological Association -- 51th Annual Meeting -- “Scientific Creativity and Discovery” -- Lancaster, PA -- Outline -- Correspondence -- Map -- June 22, 1984
FF4243	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Pennsylvania State University - Conference of Pennsylvania Economists -- Participant List -- 1955
FF4244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Pennsylvania State University - Graduate School Lecture -- “Computer Simulation and Human Thinking” -- Correspondence -- March 26, 1980
FF4245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Pennsylvania State University -- Sigma XI Chapter -- “Understanding Natural Language Instructions: A Computer Simulation Approach” -- February 9-10, 1977
FF4246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Pennsylvania State University -- “Rationality: Procedural and Substantive” -- Correspondence, Notes and Schedule -- January 28, 1986
FF4247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pennsylvania -- Talk on Distinguishing Fact and Value -- May 18, 1962
FF4248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- PFE -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- May 12, 1966
FF4249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- PFE Faculty Wives -- Speech Outline -- March 23, 1972
FF4250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Pittsburgh Council on Higher Education (ICHE) -- Science and math Enrichment Seminar -- Duquesne University -- January 29, 1985
 
Box 56 - Continued
FF4251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Pittsburgh Large Users Group (PLUG) -- “What is Artificial Intelligence?” -- Correspondence -- October 27, 1977
FF4252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Philosophy of Science Association (PSA) -- Tenth Biennial Meeting -- “Models for Biomedical Research” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- October 23-26, 1986
FF4253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Point Park College -- Faculty Lecture Series -- “Life Among the Disciplines” -- Correspondence -- Outline -- Draft -- Program -- November 19, 1986
FF4254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Princeton University -- “Computer simulation of Human Problem Solving” -- “Mazes and Heuristics: Minotaur and Theseus” -- “Thinking as Information Processing” -- Outlines -- November 6-9, 1963
FF4255	Simon, Herbert A., -- Lectures and Talks -- Princeton University -- Conference on Theory of Organization -- June 1952 
FF4256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Princeton University - Engineering and Management Seminar -- “Artifical Intelligence” -- Correspondence and Brochures -- November 13, 1980
FF4257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Princeton University -- Whitney J. Oates Short Term Fellow of the Council of the Humanities -- Outlines, Schedules and Correspondence -- March-April 1982
FF4258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Psychometric Society -- “A Theory of Social Pattern Generation” -- Kotovsky and Simon -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- August 27, 1962
FF4259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Purdue University -- “Social Consequences of Automation” -- “Fact and Value Revisited” -- “Information Processing Theories of Concept Formation” (with Lee Gregg) -- Outlines -- March 17-18, 1966
FF4260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Purdue University -- Krannert Graduate School of Management -- Seminar on Simulation of Cognitive Processes -- Correspondence -- September 24, 1980
FF4261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Queen’s University -- Kingston, Canada -- Psychology Colloquium -- Expense Statement, Correspondence, and Flight Itinerary -- March 27, 1975
FF4262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Radio Broadcast -- Talk on Computer Learning -- Location Unknown -- Outlines -- June 11, 1961
FF4263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- RAND --“Simulation of Human Thought” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- November 1960
FF4264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- RAND --Heuristic Programming Institute -- “Heuristic Compiler” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- July 16-18, 1962
FF4265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- RAND --Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) -- Aeromedical and Bioscience Panel -- “The Simulation of Human Cognitive Processes” -- Outline -- Agenda -- April 29, 1961
FF4266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- RCA Laboratories. -- 25th Anniversary Symposium -- “Information Systems for Management” -- September 28, 1967
FF4267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Reed College -- Bernard Goldhammer Lecture -- “Organizations and Markets: Their Respective Roles in a Modern Economy” -- Flyer -- February 22, 1994
 
Box 56 - Continued
FF4268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- R.I.A.S. University of the Air Program -- Berlin, Germany -- Psychology and Sociology of Conflict Lecture -- “Resolving Conflicts by Creative Behavior” -- Speech, Draft, and Correspondence -- 1969
FF4269	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Rice University - President’s Lecture -- “Technology and Social Organization; The Role of the Specialist” -- February 18, 1980
FF4270	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Rochester Institute of Technology -- Institute Forum on Technology and Values -- “Artificial Intelligence: Implication of the Imitation of Mind” -- Correspondence -- March 19, 1981
FF4271	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Rockefeller University - Behavioral Sciences Seminar -- “Understanding Written Problem Instructions: Experiments and Computer Simulation” -- Correspondence -- January 27, 1977
FF4272	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Rutgers University -- Colloquium: “Scientific Discovery as Computation” -- Correspondence -- Photographs -- February 23, 1989
FF4273	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- St. Louis University - Anheuser-Busch Distinguished Guest Lecture -- “Making Decisions in a Technological Society” -- Pamphlet and Correspondence -- November 12, 1980
FF4274	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Science and Society Lecture Series -- “Social Consequences of Computers and Automation” -- N.D.
FF4275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Seminar for Academic Computer Center Directors -- Keynote Speech -- “Artificial Intelligence and University Computing Facility” -- Snowmass, CO -- Transcript of Speech and Correspondence -- August 14, 1978
FF4276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Sloan Foundation Luncheon Group Colloquium -- New York, NY -- Correspondence -- March 10, 1977
FF4277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Smithsonian Institute and the Office of Naval Research - Biological Hierarchies: Their Origin and Dynamics -- “The Organization of Complex Systems” -- Washington, D.C. -- Invitation -- April 27-May 1, 1969
FF4278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Society for Philosophy and Psychology -- Symposium on the Nature of Mental Representations -- “Representing Words, Pictures and Concepts in a Computer Mind” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- Correspondence -- March 18, 1977
FF4279	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The Society of Sigma Xi -- Centennial Lectureships Program -- “Scientific Discovery” -- Correspondence -- 1986
FF4280	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The Society of Sigma Xi -- “Artificial Intelligence and the Natural Kind” -- St. Lawrence University -- Canton, NY -- Correspondence -- April 13, 1978
FF4281	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The Society of Sigma Xi - Duke University Chapter -- “Scientific Discovery: Random Search or Reasoned Search” -- Correspondence -- September 29, 1977
FF4282	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The Society of Sigma Xi -- Midland Chapter -- “Can There Be a Theory of Scientific Discovery?” -- Correspondence and Outline -- September 30, 1976
 
Box 56 - Continued
FF4283	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The Society of Sigma Xi -- “Information Processing in Computer and Man” -- April-May 1964
FF4284	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The Society of Sigma Xi -- Naval PG School -- “Making a Computer Think Creatively” -- Location[s] Unknown -- Outline -- May 17, 1961
FF4285	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The Society of Sigma Xi -- Ohio University -- “Artificial Intelligence and the Natural Kind” -- Outline and Correspondence -- October 18, 1977
FF4286	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Sigma Xi - Proctor Prize Address -- Annual Meeting of Sigma Xi --“Studying Human Intelligence by Creating Artificial Intelligence” -- San Diego, CA -- Correspondence, Brochure and Reprint -- October 10, 1980
FF4287	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Southern Methodist University -- Distinguished Scholar in Residence -- “ Scientific Discovery: The Psychology of Creativity” -- “Technology and Public Policy” -- Correspondence -- Articles -- Notes -- March 2-7, 1986
FF4288	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Soviet Academy of Sciences / NationalResearch Council -- Moscow, USSR -- “Scientific Discovery” -- Correspondence -- Itinerary -- Papers -- Notes -- March 29-April 4, 1987
FF4289	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Stanford University -- SSRC Research Conference -- “Applying Cognitive Theory to Educational Processes” -- Outline -- July 8, 1964
FF4290	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Stanford University -- Colloquium Series -- “System Adaptability, Near Decomposability, Loose Coupling and Worker Satisfaction” -- Word Problems -- Correspondence -- Review -- November 2, 1977
FF4291	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Stanford University -- Harry Camp Memorial Lectures -- “Grappling with the Hard Problems: The Use of Reason in Human Affairs” -- Correspondence -- Announcement -- February 8-11, 1982
FF4292	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Stanford University -- “Simulation of Cognitive Processes” -- Outline -- July 18, 1965
FF4293	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- State University of New York at Binghamton -- Distingusished Speaker Series -- “Artificial Intelligence and Automation” -- October 1, 1980
FF4294	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- State University of New York at Binghamton --Watson Distinguished Speaker Colloquium -- “Scientific Discovery: Some Experiments in Computer Simulation” -- September 16, 1987
FF4295	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Suffolk University -- Distinguished Lecture Series -- “Analytic and Intuitive Decision Making” -- “Organizations and Markets: How They Fit Together in an Economy” -- Correspondence -- Brochure -- March 9, 1988
FF4296	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Syracuse University -- “Applying Information Technology to Organization Design” -- Outline -- Reprint -- February 10, 1972
 
Box 56 - Continued
FF4297	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Technische Hochschule -- Karlsruhe, Germany -- “GPS: A Program that Simulates Human Problem Solving” [with Allen Newell] -- Program -- April 12-14, 1961
FF4298	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Texas A&M University -- President’s Lecture Series -- “The Present and Future of Artificial Intelligence Research” -- Correspondence, Itinerary and Outline -- November 14, 1984
FF4299	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Texas A&M University -- “Is There an Information Explosion?” -- March 9, 1972
FF4300	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Texas Christian University -- Cecil and Ida Green Honors Program -- “Computer Simulation of Human Thinking: State of the Art” -- Correspondence -- Outlines -- Expense Accounts -- February 9-13, 1981
FF4301	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Texas Southern University -- Dr. Ralph J. Bunch Chair Lecture Series -- “Bringing Science to Bear on Public Policy Decisions” -- Outline -- Speech -- Correspondence -- December 10, 1975
FF4302	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Texas Tech-Dads Association -- “Life With Computers” -- Correspondence -- Pamphlet -- Outline -- February 12-17, 1984
FF4303	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The Institute of Management Sciences (TIMS) -- “Heuristic Programs for Management Decision” -- Cleveland, OH -- March 27, 1967
FF4304	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Theoretical Biology Seminars 1965-66 -- “The Architecture of Complexity” -- Flyer -- N.D.
FF4305	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Third Conference with International Participation on Psychology of Human Learning and Development -- Prague, Czechosolvakia -- “The Process of Understanding Problem Instructions” -- Abstract -- Paper -- Draft -- 1977
FF4306	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The Thyssen Philosophy Group -- “Freedom, Distriutive Justice, and Scarcity” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- October 6, 1979
FF4307	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Trinity University - Visiting Professorship -- “How Rational is Economic Man, “Social Impact of the Computer,” “Information Systems for Management” -- Schedule -- Outlines -- Correspondence -- January 18-21, 1982
FF4308	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Trip to Italy -- Schedule -- October 9-15, 1988
FF4309	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Torino Institute of Methodology of Science -- Peno Conference -- “Scientific Discovery as Problem Solving” -- Fondazione Roselli Meeting -- “Bounded Rationality” -- October 11, 1988
FF4310	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Trip to Italy -- University of Pavia Faculty of Political Sciences -- Laurea Honoris Casua Award -- ISPI of Milan / CSS -- Seminar on Social Sciences, Artifical Intelligence and Policy Making -- October 12-13, 1988
FF4311	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Trip to Italy -- University of Padova -- “Rationality in Economics” -- “The Creativity of Managers” -- October 14-15, 1998
FF4312	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Tulane University -- “Human Problem Solving and Decision Making” -- Outline -- February 7, 1966
 
Box 57
Lectures and Talks

FF4313	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Turing Institute -- Brighton, U.K. -- University of Sussex -- 1990 Turing Colloquium -- “Machine as Mind” -- “GPS: A Program that Simulates Human Thought” -- Newell and Simon -- 1990, 1994-1996
FF4314	Simon, Herbert A. -- Turing Institute -- Glasgow, Scotland -- Fifth Turing Memorial Lecture -- “Scientific Discovery as a Computational Problem” --“ Is Reasoning Logical” -- October 16-17, 1990
FF4315	Simon, Herbert A. -- U.S.C.- “Information and Management: the Next Decade” -- February 26, 1969
FF4316	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- U.S. Steel -- Chirstmas Science Lecture -- “Mind from Matter: Using compters to Model Human Thinking” -- December 15, 1981
FF4317	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- U.S. Steel Research Laboratory -- “Does Scientific Discovery Have a Logic?” -- January 19, 1978
FF4318	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Union College -- Sigma Xi National Lecturer -- “Can There be a Theory of Scientific Discovery?” -- October 14, 1976
FF4319	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Akron -- Economics Club -- Emile Grunberg Lecture Series -- “Economics and Psychology” -- April 28, 1988
FF4320	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University fo Arizona -- “Understanding Problem Instructions: A Simulation of Human Semantic Processes” -- October 25, 1973
FF4321	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of British Columbia -- Vancouver, Canada -- Leon and Thea Koerner Foundation -- “Computer Simulation of Scientific Discovery’ --“Use of Logic Programming in AI” -- “The Psychology of Learning from Examples” -- 1984
FF4322	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of British Columbia -- Vancouver, Canada -- Cecil H. and Ida Green Visiting Professorship -- Spring Lectures -- February 3-8, 1986
FF4323	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Calgary -- Canada -- Distinguished Lecturers’ Series -- “The Information Revolution’ -- “Computer Simulation of Human Thinking: Perception in Chess” -- October 12, 1972
FF4324	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, Berkeley -- Charles M. and Martha Hitchcock Foundation Lectures -- “Literary Criticism as Cognitive Science” and other Lectures -- February 6-16, 1990
FF4325	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, Berkeley -- E.D. Lawerence Lecture -- “How Man and Computer Understand Language” -- May 13, 1974
FF4326	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, Berkeley -- The Gaither Lecture Series -- “The Sciences of the Artificial Revisited” -- January 28-February 1, 1980
FF4327	Simon, Herbert A. -- University of California, Berkeley -- “Perception in Chess (Some Perceptual Aspects of Problem Solving)” -- February 2, 1972
FF4328	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) -- Anthropology -- Sociology Seminar -- April 25, 1961
 
Box 57 - Continued
FF4329	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) -- “Approaches to the Theory of Management” -- Management Theory Seminar -- November 8, 1962
FF4330	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) -- Brain Research Institute Conference on Brain Function and Learning -- “Mahtematical Models and Artificial Intelligence” -- November 11-14, 1964
FF4331	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) -- Interdisciplinary Colloquium on Mathematics in the Behavioral Sciences -- “Hierarchial Systems” -- February 10, 1961
FF4332	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) -- The Jacob Marschak Interdisciplinary Colloquium on Mathematics in the Behavioral Sciences -- “Theory form Measurement” -- Correspondence -- Outline -- January 21, 1983
FF4333	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) -- The Jacob Marschak Interdisciplinary Colloquium on Mathematics in the Behavioral Sciences -- “Organizations and Markets” -- February 16, 1990
FF4334	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, San Diego -- La Jolla Conference on Cognitive Science -- “Cognitive Science: The Newest Science of Artificial Phenomena” -- August 13-16, 1979
FF4335	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, Santa Barbara -- “Social Consequences of Technology: The Case of Computers nad Automaiton” -- “Information Processing in Visual Perception” -- May 13, 1969
FF4336	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California School of Medicine, San Fransisco -- Man and Civilization: Control of the Mind Symposium -- “The Control of the Mind by Reality: Human Cognition and Problem Solving” -- January 28-30, 1961
FF4337	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Central Florida -- “Learning by Examples” -- “Problem Soving by Reasoning and by Search” -- “The Ps;ychology of Scinetific Discovery’ -- January 26-27, 1988
FF4338	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Chicago -- Alumni Association -- “Thinking in Computers and People” -- Pittsburgh, Pa -- May 21, 1981
FF4339	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Chicago -- 25th Anniversary of the Social Science-Research Building -- “models in the Social Sciences: Their Uses and Limitations” -- The Two Hundred Sixty-Seventh Convocaiton- November 10-12, 1955
FF4340	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Chicago -- 50th Anniversayr of Social Science-Research Building -- “Are Social Problems Problems that Social Science Can Solve?” -- December 16-18, 1979
FF4341	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Chicago -- Conference on The Behavioral Foundations of Economic Theory -- “Rationality in Psychology and Economics” -- October 13-15, 1985
FF4342	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Chicago -- Political Economy Club -- “Organizations and Markets” -- October 20, 1989
FF4343	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Chicago --Seminar on the Policital Science of Herbert Simon -- “Human Judgement” -- 1958
 
Box 57 - Continued
FF4344	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Chicago -- “Simulating Complex Human Behavir” -- May 20, 1959
FF4345	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Chicago -- Talk to Federal Executive Group -- July 1957
FF4346	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Cincinnati -- Aesthetics and Technology Seminar Series -- “Style in Design” -- November 16, 1978
FF4347	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Colorado -- Department of Computer Science -- Distinguished Speaker Series -- ‘Architecture of Complex Systems” -- March 16, 1989
FF4348	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Colorado -- Institute for the Study of Intellectual Behavior (ISIB) Colloquium -- September 14-17, 1978 
FF4349	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Colorado -- Institute of Behavioral Science -- “Distinguished Lecturer Series on Behavioral Science” -- “Mind and Machine: The Cognitive Revolution” -- March 20-21, 1986
FF4350	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Colorado -- Institute of Cognitive Science -- Teaching Colloquia -- “Learning and Discovery” -- September 17-19, 1981
FF4351	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Colorado --Symposium on Creative Thinking -- “A Theroy on Creative Thinking” -- May 15-17, 1958
FF4352	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Dayton -- Sigman Xi Lecture -- “Artificial Intelligence and the Natural Kind” -- “Scientific Discovery” -- December 1, 1977
FF4353	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Geneva, Switzerland -- Foundation Archives Jean Piaget -- Conference on Structures nad Cognitives Processes -- ‘Cognitive Processes of Experts and Novices” -- June 15-19, 1981
FF4354	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Florida -- Center for Econometrics nad Decision Sciences- “AI: The Automation of Expertise” -- February 4, 1981
FF4355	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Georgia -- Distinguished Bicentennial Lecture Series -- “Thinking -- by Computers and People” -- May 15-1, 1985
FF4356	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Graz -- Vienna, Austria -- “The Theory of Scientific Discovery” -- June 16, 1988
FF4357	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Groningen, Netherlands -- “Strategic Planning” -- September 11, 1973
FF4358	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Houston -- Nobel Prize Winners Series -- “Thinking, by People and Computers: Modern Cognitive Science and Artificial Intelligence” -- February 11-13, 1986
FF4359	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign -- CSL Distinguished Lecture Series -- Millercomm lecture -- YWCA Friday Forum -- November 13-15, 1979
FF4360	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Illinois at Urbana- Champaign -- Edmund James Lectrue /Merriam Laboratory Keynote Address -- “The Science of Politics: Impact of the Chicago School” -- October 10-11, 1985
 
Box 57 - Continued
FF4361	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Illinois -- “Organizations as Role Systems” -- May 20, 1959
FF4362	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign -- The Tykociner Memorial Lecture -- “Organizations as Role Systems” -- March 22-23, 1988
FF4363	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Indonesia -- Lecture on Recent Developments in Management Decision Making- January 21-24, 1989
FF4364	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Iowa -- Sigma Xi -- “Artificial Intelligence and the Natural Kind” -- ‘Understanding Written Problem Instructions” -- Simon and Hayes -- February 15, 1978
FF4365	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Kansas -- Kenneth A. Spencer Memorial Lecture -- “Scientific Discovery : Its Psychological Processes” -- March 18, 1986
FF4366	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Kentucky -- Seminars on the Theory of Living Systems -- “Architecture of the Mind” -- ‘The University as a Design Problem” -- Marc 13-14, 1975
FF4367	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Laval -- Quebec, Canada -- Doctoral Seminar on Research Methodology -- ‘Some Design and Research Methodologies in Business Administration” -- October 8, 1982
FF4368	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Leuven, Belgium -- Belgian Psychological Society -- “Learning from Worked-Out Examples” -- Unversity Foundation, Brussels -- “Scientific Discovery as Problem Soving” -- April 16-17, 1987
FF4369	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Lund, Sweden -- 300th Anniversary Celebration -- “Doctor Honoris Causa” Award -- “Simulation of Human Thought Processes by Computer” -- June 13-14, 1968
FF4370	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of London, England -- The London School of Economics and Political Sciences -- Auguste Comte Memorial Lecture -- “Politics as Information Processing” -- April 8, 1987
FF4371	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Manchester, England -- Workshop onAI -- August 22-26, 1983
FF4372	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Maryland -- Distinguished Lecture Series in Cognitive Studies- “Is Reasoning Logical” -- February 21, 1990
FF4373	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Maryland -- Nobel Laureate Lecture Series -- “Compter Simulation of Human Thinking: State of the Art” -- Parsimonious Explanations in Economics: Cobb-Douglass Revisited” -- April 23-24, 1981
FF4374	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Miami -- ICS Research Institute Colloquium -- 2nd International Conferecne on Ceative and innovative Management -- November 7-9, 1984
FF4375	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Michigan -- CSMIL Lecture -- “Do We Think in Words or Pictures?”-‘Animated Demonstratons versus Written Instructions for Learning Procedural Tasks” -- March 20, 1989
FF4376	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Michigan -- “Economis of Automation’ -- May 5, 1960
 
Box 57 - Continued
FF4377	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Michigan -- Institute for Social Research (ISR) -- First Annual Founders symposium -- “Behavioral Science, Theory and Public Policy” -- October 24, 1979
FF4378	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Michigan -- Institute for Social Research (ISR) -- Katz-Newcomb Lecture -- “Why Cognitive Psychology is Social Psychology and Vice Versa’ -- April 23-24, 1976
FF4379	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Michigan -- Institute for Social Research (ISR) -- On Organizational Behavior and Rationality -- 1953
FF4380	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Michigan -- Lectures in Heuristic Programming 195 -- Newell and Simon -- 1958
FF4381	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Michigan -- MHRI Seminar -- “Human Pattern Detection” -- University Sesquicentennial Symposium -- “The Limits of Human and Social Rationality: An Information Processing View” -- February 23-25, 1967
FF4382	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Michigan -- Obert C. Tanner Lecture on Human Values -- “Scientific Literacy as a Goal in a High technology Society” -- November 10-13, 1983
FF4383	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Michigan -- “Social Science Research Plans” -- November 1955
FF4384	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Michigan -- “What Is Social Psychology?” -- August 1, 1956
FF4385	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Minnesota -- Conference on the Study of Cognition: Conceptiual and Methodological Issues -- “Alternative Representations for Cognition: Search and Reasoning” -- February 28-March 2, 1991
FF4386	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of New Mexico -- Public Lectre -- “Thinking-by Computers nad People” -- “Rediscovering Scientific Laws with Bacon” -- October 19-20, 1983
FF4387	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of North Carolina -- Michael Polanyi Lecture -- IRSS Symposim -- February 1-5, 1988
FF4388	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of North Carolina -- Psychology Colloquium -- “Expert and Nocie Skills in Soving Physics Problems” -- February 27, 1980
FF4389	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Oklahoma -- Scolar-Leadership Enrichment Program -- Core Group Seminar -- March 27-31, 1978
FF4390	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pennsylvania -- Faculty of Moore School Harold Pender Award -- “The Processes of Scientific Discovery: The Strategy of Experimentation” -- October 30, 1987
FF4391	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pennsylvania -- “Ill-Structured Problems” -- April 5, 1967
FF4392	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pennsylvania -- “Organizations and Markets’ -- “Human Reasoning” ‘Is It Logical?’” -- Correspondence -- April 5-7, 1989
FF4393	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pennsylvania -- The Wharton School Workshop Series -- ‘The Cognitive Basis for Information Systems, Organizations and Decision Making” -- April 13, 1977
 
Box 58
Lectures and Talks

FF4394	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- AIM Workshop on Critical Issues in AIM: The AI Perspective -- Correspondence -- August 16-17, 1982
FF4395	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Center for Philosopny of Science -- Conference on Discovery and Learning -- Respondent to Dana Angluin -- Correspondence -- Paper -- April 8-9, 1989
FF4396	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Center for Philosphy of Science -- Lunchtime Colloquium -- “Black Ravens and a White Shoe” -- Memorandum -- Abstract -- Paper -- November 1990
FF4397	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- “Computer Simulation of Scientific Discovery” -- Abstract -- November 10, 1989
FF4398	 Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- “Do Businessman Mazimixe on Satisfice” -- Outline  October 9, 1963
FF4399	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Faculty of Arts and Sciences -- Board of Visitors Annual Meeting -- Correspondence -- November 12-13, 1982 
FF4400	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Faculty of Arts and Sciences -- Board of Visitors Annual Meeting -- Correspondence -- November 16-17, 1984
FF4401	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Faculty of Arts and Sciences -- Board of Visitors Annual Meeting -- Correspondence -- Article -- November -- 15-16, 1985
FF4402	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Faculty of Arts and Sciences -- Board of Visitors Annual Meeting -- Correspondence -- Proposal -- March 13-14, 1987
FF4403	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Faculty of Arts and Sciences -- Colloquium on Explanations of Human Behavior -- Outline -- November 17, 1979
FF4404	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- - Honors Convocation Address -- “What Kindo f Place Is a Unversity?” -- Correspondence -- Outline Article -- Marc 14, 1979
FF4405	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Marion Kellie McKay Lecture -- “Implications of Research on Decision Making for Macroeconomics” -- Correspondence -- May 9, 1979
FF4406	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Philosophy of Science Series -- “Scientific Discovery and the Psychology of Problem Solving” -- “Thinkng by Computers” -- Correspondence -- Article -- January 15-February 12, 1964
FF4407	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Philosophy of Science Series  -- “Scientific Discovery: Reasoned Search or Random Search” -- Outline -- Corrspondence -- February 11, 1976
FF4408	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Pitt Forum for Social Responsibility and Values -- ‘Are There Things We Should Not Know? Social Responsibilty and Science” -- Announcement -- Outline -- September 20, 1982 
 
Box 58 - Continued 
FF4409	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- School of Public Health Seminar -- “Future Stability of Local Government” -- Memorandum -- Speech -- 1951
FF4410	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Workshop on the Logic of Discovery and Diagnosis in Medicine -- “Artificial Intelligence Approaches to Problem Solving and Clinical Diagnosis” -- Correspondence -- Program -- October 6-8, 1978
FF4411	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Rhode Island -- University Honors Colloquium Series on Real and Artificial Intelligence- “Is Thingking Uniquely Human?” -- Correspondence -- Outline -- September 12, 1984
FF4412	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Rhode Island -- Year of the Humanities Colloquium Series -- “Artificial and Natural Intelligence” -- Correspondence -- Outline -- March 12, 1980
FF4413	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Rochester -- Seminar on Man and Society -- Correspondence -- Financial Records -- December 4, 1980
FF4414	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Southern California -- “How Artificial Is Artificial Intelligence” -- Outline -- February 26, 1969
FF4415	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Siena, Italy -- International School of Economic Research -- Workshop on Economics and institutions -- “Institutions and the Behavioral Foundation of Ecoomics” -- “Organizations and Markets” -- Correspondece -- Outline -- July 10-20, 1988
FF4416	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Stockholm, Sweden -- Psychology Department Seminars -- “Approaches to Descriptions and Analysis” -- April 5-7, 1976
FF4417	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Sussex -- Brighton, Englans -- British Psychological Society Annual Conferecne -- “The Psychology of Scientific Discovery” -- Correspondence -- Outline -- April 10-13, 1987
FF4418	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Texas -- Sigma Xi Chapter -- “How Do Scientists Make Discoveries?” - Correspondence -- Outline -- February 10, 1986
FF4419	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Toronto -- Ontario, Canada -- Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce -- “The Impact of New Information-Processing Technology on Managemetn” -- “The Impact of the new Information-Processing Technology on Society” -- October 26-27, 1966
FF4420	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Toronto -- Ontario, Canada -- Centennial Lecture Series -- “The Next Hundred Years: Engineering Design” -- Correspondence -- Speech -- October 17, 1973
FF4421	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Washington -- Ninth Annual Cognitive Science Meeting -- “The Psychology of Scientific Discovery” -- Corresondencec -- Brochure -- July 17-18, 1987
FF4422	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Waterloo -- Ontario, Canada -- Psychology Colloquium Series -- Correspondence -- October 12, 1979
FF4423	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Western Ontario, Canada -- “The Mind’s Eye in Chess” -- Correspondence -- March 6, 1975
 
Box 58 - Continued
FF4424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Wisconsin-Madison -- “Social Pattern Recognition” -- ‘Rationality and Irrationality in Business Decision Making’ -- “Computers Can Think” -- Outline -- May 14, 1963
FF4425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Wisconsin-Madison -- The Hilldale Lectues -- ‘What Is Creativity? A Psychological Theory Supported by Computer Simulation’ -- Correspondence -- Outline -- Articles -- April 11, 1985
FF4426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “Altruism and Docility” -- Locaiton Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4427	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “Computers and Management” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- June 10, 1966
FF4428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “The Control of the Mind by Reality” -- San Fransisco, CA -- Outline -- January 30, 1961
FF4429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “The Crisis of Out Time” -- location Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “Design Theory ‘ -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- April 22, 1965
FF4431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “An Environment for Man” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- N.D. 
FF4432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) --Foreing Language Notes -- Location Unknown -- Notes -- N.D.
FF4433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “GPS: Human Problem Solving’ -- “EPAM” -  Boulder, CO -- Outline -- April 18-19, 1963
FF4434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “Heuristic Machines” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) --“Images of Empty Space: Einstein’s Word Pictues” -- Location Unknown -- Paper -- August 10, 1988
FF4436	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) --“Impact of Management Scienes and the Computer” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- July 7, 1964
FF4437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “Impact of Science and Technology on Man’s View of Himself” -- Location Unknown -- Transcript -- April 20, 1965
FF4438	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) --“Implications of Automation for Management” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) --“Information Processing Theories of Cognition” -- Loacation Unknown -- Outline -- November 11, 1964
FF4440	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “In-Line Data Processing” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4441	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “The Learning Process” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) --“Loosely Coupled Organizations” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4443	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “the New Technology” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
 
Box 58 - Continued
FF4444	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “On Administration” -- Locaiton Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “On Art, Nature, Science, Social Structure’ -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- c.1954
FF4446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “On the Future of Management Application of Computers” -- Japan -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) --“On Information Processing Theory” -- Mannheim, Germany -- Outline -- June 15, 1965
FF4448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “Organization and Decision Making in State Enterprises” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “Organizaiton as Man --Computer Systems” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- May 12, 1965
FF4450	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) --“Pigeons” -- Boulder, CO -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- Presentation of Walter Sullivan -- Location Unknown -- Speech -- N.D.
FF4452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) --“problems of Reserch in Management” -- Locaito Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) --Three Talks on Learning Theory -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) --“Understanding Human Learingin” -- Location Unknown -- Outline -- December 9, 1967
FF4455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Utah State University -- Fourth Annual Management Information Systems Seminar on Innocaiton, Information and Technology -- George S. Eccles Lecture -- “Manageing in an Info-Rich World” -- Correspondence -- Outline -- Transcript -- March 3-4, 1988
FF4456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Vanderbilt University -- “Predicting Creative Behavior: Modeling Discovery in Science” -- Correspondence -- Outline -- Paper -- November 6, 1987
FF4457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Washington and Lee University / Virginia Polytechnic Institute -- “Learning by Example and Learning by Doing” -- “the Social Meaning of the Computer Revolution” -- Correspondence -- Outline -- March 1-4, 1982
FF4458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Washington State University / College of Veterinary Medicine / University of Idaho -- Philip C. Holland Lecture -- “Scientific Discovery” -- Correspondence -- Outline -- September 25-27, 1985
FF4459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Wayne State University -- “Computer Simulations of Human Thinking” -- Outline -- May 14, 1965
FF4460	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Wayne State University -- Leo M. Franklin Memorial Lectureship in Human Relations -- New Horizons of Economic Progress -- “Decision Making as an Economic resource” -- Correspondence -- Paper --Brochure -- April 9, 1962
FF4461	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Wayne State University -- Ps;ychology Seminar -- “The Processes of Human Thinking and Problem Solving” -- Correspondence -- May 14, 1965
 
Box 58 - Continued
FF4462	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Wayne State University -- Seventeenth Annual Southeastern Junior Sciences and Humanities Symposuim -- “Thinkng by People and Computers” -- Correspopndecne -- Program -- February 27-28, 1981
FF4463	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Wesleyan University -- “On Mathematics of Complexity” -- Outline -- April 8, 1965
FF4464	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- West Virginia University -- “The Use of Computers to Simulate Human Thinking” -- Correspondence -- October 3, 1979
FF4465	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Western Business School Conferecne -- “Behavioral Science in the Core Curriculum” -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4466	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Western Illinois University -- Fifth Annual Distinguished Scholar Lecture -- “Prometheus or Pandora” -- “Automaiton, Knowledge and Society” -- Correspondence -- Brochure -- Speech -- April 14-15, 1981
FF4467	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Western Joint Computer Conference -- The Design , Programming , and Sociological Implicaitons of Microelectronics -- A Series of Four Integrated and Coordinated Papers -- San Fransisco, CA -- Proceedings -- May 5, 1960
FF4468	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Western Michigan University -- 25th anniversary Lecture- Seminar Series -- The State of Economics Science: The Views of Six Nobel Laureates -- “The Prospects of Economic Science” -- Correspondence -- Paper -- March 22, 1989
FF4469	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Western Michigan University -- University Foundation Fellowships Program -- “What Do We Know about Human Thinking? The State of the Art in Cognitie Science” -- Correspondence -- March 25-26, 1981
FF4470	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Westinghouse Electric corporation -- Administration Committee Luncheon -- “Making Decisions in Business: Conventional Wisdom and Scientific Decision Making” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- Correspondence -- April 18, 1979
FF4471	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Westinghouse Electric Corporation -- Interdepartmental Physics Colloquium -- “Can There Be a Theory of Scientific Discovery?” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- Correspondence -- Outline -- November 4, 1976
FF4472	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Westinghouse Electric Corporation -- Seniro Executive Seminar on Technology, Economics and Public Policy -- “Organizaiton of Innovaiton” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- Correspondence -- Brochure -- Program -- March 20, 1981
FF4473	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Westmoreland Community College -- Honors Lecture Series -- “Artificial Intelligence” -- Correspondecne -- Program -- April 7, 1986
FF4474	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Widener College -- Nobel Laureate Economic Lecture -- “Limits to Economic analysis in Decision Making on Public Policy Matters” -- Correspondence -- October 31, 1979
FF4475	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- WINCOM- ‘Artificial Intelligence” -- Los Angeles, CA -- Outline -- February 13, 1968
FF4476	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Workshop on Formal Psychophysical Approaches to Visual Perception -- University of Njmegen, Netherlands -- “Human Encoding of Sequential Patterns” -- Correspondence -- Abstract -- July 26-28, 1976
 
Box 58 - Continued
FF4477	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The World Bank -- Public Enterprise Seminar -- “Organizational Conditions for Effeective Decision Making’ -- Correspondence -- October 10, 1979
FF4478	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 4th World Congress of Cybernetics and Systems -- World Organizaiton of General Systems and Cybernetics -- Amsterdam, Netherlands -- “Simulation of Large Scale Systems by Aggregation” -- Correspondence -- Abstract -- Proceeds -- August 22-25, 1978
FF4479	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- ZI’an Jiaotong University, China -- Canada-China International Management Conference -- “Decision Support Systems: Shaping Information for the Decision System” -- Tianjin University -- Three Lectures on Organization -- Correspondence -- August 8-28, 1990
FF4480	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Yale University -- “An Information Processing Theory of Human Verbal Learning” -- January 20, 1960
FF4481	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Yale University -- Carl I. Howland Memorial Lectures -- “Three Lectures on Problem Solving” -- December 7-9, 1976
FF4482	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Yale University -- Jonathan Edwards College -- Wells-Tetelman Fellow -- “Scientific Discovery’” -- February 4-6, 1985
FF4483	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Yugoslavian Academy -- N.D.
FF4484	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1960-1969
FF4485	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1970-1975
FF4486	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) --1976-1979
FF4487	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1980
FF4488	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1981
FF4489	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) --1982-1985

Box 59
Lectures and Talks

FF4490	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1986-1987
FF4491	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1988-1989
FF4492	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1990
FF4493	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1991
FF4494	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1992
 
Box 59 - Continued
FF4495	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1993
FF4496	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1994
FF4497	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1995
FF4498	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1996
FF4499	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1997
FF4500	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1998
FF4501	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) -- 1999
FF4502	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1955-1962
FF4503	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1963
FF4504	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) --1964-1965
FF4505	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1966
FF4506	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1967-1968
FF4507	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1969-1970
FF4508	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1971
FF4509	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1972-1973
FF4510	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1974-1976
FF4511	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1977-1978
FF4512	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1979
FF4513	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1980
FF4514	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1981
FF4515	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1982
 
Box 60
Lectures and Talks

FF4516	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1983
FF4517	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1984
FF4518	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- January --July 1985
FF4519	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- August --December -- 1985
FF4520	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1986
FF4521	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1987
FF4522	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1988
FF4523	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1989
FF4524	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1990
FF4525	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1992
FF4526	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1993
FF4527	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1994
FF4528	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1995
FF4529	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1996
FF4530	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1997 
FF4531	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) -- 1993 Annual Meeting -- “The Role of the Human Sciences in the Human Future” -- Boston, MA --February 11-16, 1993
FF4532	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Associationfor Artificial Intelligence (AAAI) -- 11th National Conference -- “Artificial Intelligence: An Experimental Science” -- Washington, D.C. -- July 11-15, 1993
FF4533	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Association for Artificial Intelligence (AAAI) -- Spring Symposium -- “Systematic Methods of Scientific Discovery” -- Stanford University -- March 27-29, 1995
FF4534	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Economic Association (AEA) -- 105th Meeting on the Economics of Altruism -- “Altruism in Organizations” -- Anaheim, Ca -- January 5-7, 1993
 
Box 60 - Continued
FF4535	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Institute for Research (AIR) -- 50th Anniversary Conference -- “Technology in Education, Learner Motivation, and the Learning Process” -- Washington, D.C. -- March 7-8, 1997
FF4536	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Philosophical Society -- 250th Anniversary Meeting -- “The Human Mind: The Symbolic Level” -- Philadelphia, PA -- April 28-May 1, 1993
FF4537	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Political Science Association (ASPA) -- 91st Annual Meeting -- A Panel in honor of the Work of Harold Guetzkow -- “Simulation Methods: Some Lessons from History” -- Chicago, ILL -- August 31-September 3, 1995
FF4538	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Political Science Association (APSA) -- John Gaus Distinguished Address -- “Public Administration in Today’s World of Organizaitns and Markets” -- Washington, D.C. -- September 1, 2000
FF4539	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Psychological Association (APA) -- Distinguished Centennial Address -- “Why the Mind Needs an Eye: The Uses of Mental Imagery” -- Washington, D.C. -- August 14-18, 1992
FF4540	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Psychological Society (APS)  - Keynote convention Address -- “What Is an ‘Explanation’ of Behavior” -- Washington, D.C. --June 13-16, 1991
FF4541	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Society for Informaiton Science (ASIS) -- 55th Annual Meeting -- “The Future of Information Systems” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- October 28, 1992
FF4542	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Society for Mechanical Engineering (ASME)- Seminar on Economics -- Pittsburgh, PA -- April 17, 2000
FF4543	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Society for Public Administration (ASPA) -- Dwight Waldo Award Acceptance Speech -- San Antonio, TX -- July 25, 1995
FF4544	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- American Society for Public Administration (ASPA) -- 58th National Conferecne -- “Why Public Administration?” -- Philadelphia, Pa -- August 1997
FF4545	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Association for Applied Psychology -- 22nd Annual Keynote Address -- “The Nature of Scientific Discovery” -- Dallas, TX -- March 15, 1991
FF4546	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Association for Infomration Systems -- Americas Conference on Informaiton Systems -- “Who Are Information Systems Are Forming?” -- Pittsburgh, Pa -- August 27, 1995
FF4547	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Brown University -- Harold Schlosberg Colloquium -- “Altruism” -- May 8, 1991
FF4548	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Carnegie Bosch Institute -- Conference on Multinational competition -- “Is Internatinal Management Differenct  from Management?” -- Stuttgart, Germany -- May 12-14, 1993
FF4549	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Carnegie Mellon University -- “Near Decomposability and Speed of Evolution in Mulicellular Organisms” -- November 3, 1999
 
Box 60 - Continued
FF4550	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Carnegie Symposium on Cognition -- Comments on “Motor Programming and the Timing of Rapid Utterances” Panel -- June 1-2, 1978
FF4551	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  --Carnegie Mellon University -- GSIA Colloquium -- “What the Arts and Sciences Say” -- October 30, 1963
FF4552	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- China Trip, 1972 -- Articles -- 1966-1973
FF4553	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- China Trip, 1973 -- Report -- “Science in the Peoples’s Republic of China” -- Balderose and Fitzgerald -- May 1973
FF4554	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- China Trip, 1987 -- “The Nature of Scientific Theory” -- June 7-27, 1987

Box 61
Lectures and Talks

FF4555	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- China Trip , 1987 -- Report -- World Bank Seminar on State Enterprise Organization and Management -- Articles -- 1987
FF4556	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Claremont -- McKenna College -- “Logical Reasoning and Heuristic Search” -- Creativity in the Sciences and the Arts -- April 21, 1992
FF4557	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Community College of Allegheny County (CCAC) -- Innovative Teaching Strategies Conference -- “Priorities in the First Course in Economics” -- October 18, 1991
FF4558	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Cornell University -- “Logical Reasoning nad Heuristic Search” -- “Processes of Scientific Discovery” -- April 24-25, 1993
FF4559	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Cosmos Club -- Book and Author Supper -- ‘Models of My Life” -- Washington, D.C. -- October 15, 1992
FF4560	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Eastern Economic Association EEA) -- “Economics in a World of Altruists” -- Pittsburgh, PA -- July 30, 1990
FF4561	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Georgia Institute of Technology -- Cognitive Science Colloquium Series -- “What Kind of Matter is Mind that It Can Support Symbols?” -- October 16, 1992
FF4562	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- Harvard University -- Political Economy Lectures -- “Altruism and Economics” -- February 11, 1993
FF4563	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- History of Science Society (HSS) -- Symposium on Faraday -- “The Discovery of Magnetic Induction of Current” -- Simon and Nagnani -- Pittsburgh, PA -- November 6, 1999
FF4564	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- International Conference on Complex Systems -- New EnglandComplex Systems Institute -- “Can there Be a Science of Complex Systems?” -- Video Conference -- September 15, 1997
FF4565	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  -- 20th International Congress of Psychology -- Tokyo, Japan -- Symposium on Computer Simulaiton of Human Behavior -- Japanese Language Documents and Lyrics -- August 13-19, 1972
FF4566	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks  --International Institute for Applied System (IIASA) Conference- Laxenburg, Austria -- Correspondence -- 1979
 
Box 61 - Continued
FF4567	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI) -- Montreal, Canada -- Research Excellence Award Lecture -- “Explaining the Ineffable: AI on the topics of Intuition, Insight and Inspiration” -- August 22-25, 1995
FF4568	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Visual Literacy Association -- 24th Annual Conference on Imagery in Scienceandthe Arts -- “Mental Imagery in Scientific Problem Solving” -- Qin and Simon -- “Image-Thinking” -- Roboch -- Pittsburgh, PA -- September-October 4, 1992
FF4569	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Johns Hopkins University -- IBM Distinguished Lecture Series -- “Logic and Heuristic Search Competing Models for Reasoning and Problem Solving” -- April 9, 1992
FF4570	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Krasnow Institute for Advanced Study -- George Mason University -- Symposium on the Mind, the Brain, and Complex Adaptive Systems -- “Near-Decomposabiity and Complexity” -- Fairfax, VA -- December 11, 1991; May 24, 1993
FF4571	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Meeting with William Baker -- Mellon Family Endowment to CMU -- Newark, NJ -- “Carnegie Mellon: The Renaissance of Education in America’ -- April 25, 1995
FF4572	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Midwestern Psychological Association (MPA) -- Annual Convention Invited Address -- “Thinking in words, Pictures, Equaitons, Numbers: How Do We Do It and What Does It Matter?” -- Chicago, IL -- May 15, 1995
FF4573	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Modern Mathematical Thought Workshop -- University of Pittsburgh / CMU -- September 21-24, 1995
FF4574	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Monsanto Chemical Company -- Springfield, MA -- Notes -- 1955
FF4575	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National Academy of Science (NAS) -- Workshop on the Sciences of Science Learning -- “Observations on: the Sciences of Science Learning” -- Washington, D.C. -- September 6, 1996
FF4576	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National Science Foundation (NSF) -- Address to the Board -- “Understanding and Improving Human Learning” -- Arlington, VA -- June 22, 1995
FF4577	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National Science Foundation (NSF) -- Symposium on Learning and Intelligent Systems -- “Scientific Opportunities of Learning and Intelligent Systems” -- June 22, 1996
FF4578	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National University of Singapore -- 10th Anniversary Lee Kuan Yew Distinguished Visitor Programme -- “The Impact of Artificial Intelligence of the Practice of Science” -- Video Conference -- September 13, 1995
FF4579	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National University of Singapore -- video Lectures -- “Strategic Management of Information Technology” -- January 24, 1994
FF4580	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- New School for Social Research -- Conference on Mehtods in Philosophy and the Sciences -- “The Logic of Scientific Discovery” -- New York, NY -- May 18, 1991
 
Box 61 - Continued
FF4581	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Northeast Tour -- Itinerary -- 1964
FF4582	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Office of Naval Research -- Panel on ONR Research Opportunities in Behavioral Sciences -- Washington, D.C. -- March 22, 1991
FF4583	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Pennsylvania State University -- Misifer Lecture -- ‘Decisionmaking: Rational, Non-Rational and Irrational” -- Baltimore, MD -- October 26, 1991
FF4584	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks --Pittsburgh Cavalcade (TV Program) -- Education -- Transcript -- August 1959
FF4585	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Pittsburgh-Konstanz Colloquium -- University of Pittsburgh -- Session on Modeling and Simulation as instruments for the Study of Complex Systems -- October 3-7, 1997
FF4586	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Princeton University -- Cognitive Science Lecture -- “The Two Faces of Intelligence: Reason and Heuristic Search” -- March 9, 1992
FF4587	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Queens University -- Kingston, Canada -- Sesquicentennial Distinguished Speaker Series -- “Artificial Intelligence: Accomplishments and Prospects” -- March 26, 1992
FF4588	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Reed University -- Goldhammer Lecture -- “Organizations nad Markets: Their Respective Roles in a modern Economy” -- February 21-23, 1994
FF4589	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Rutgers University -- Hypercomputing and Design Workshop (HPCD) -- Rutgers University -- ARPA -- June 30-July 1, 1994
FF4590	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Smithsonian Institution -- Resident Associate Program -- ‘The Psychology of Scientific Discovery: An Approach through Computer Simulaiton” -- Washington, D.C. -- October 15, 1991
FF4591	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Society for Design and Process Science -- 2nd World Conference on Integrated Design and Process Technology -- “Integrated Design and Process Technology” -- Videotaped Lecture -- Austin, TX -- December 1-4, 1996
FF4592	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Society for Design and Process Science -- 5th World Conference on Integrated Design and Process Technology -- “The Role of Software Engineering in Systems for Design and Process Control” -- Videotaped Lecture -- Dallas, TX -- June 4-9, 2000
FF4593	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The Society of the Sigma XI -- Pittsburgh Chapter -- “Scientific Discovery: Random Search or Reasoned Search” -- Announcement -- January 25, 1978
FF4594	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- southern Society for Philosophy and Psychology (SSPP) -- 90th Anniversary Speaker -- “Choosing a Metaphor for Thinking” -- Atlanta, GA -- March 31-April 2, 1994
FF4595	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Texas A&M University -- Cognitive Systems Laboratory - “How Scientists Discover Laws” -- February 1-2, 1994
FF4596	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Universidad de Buenos Aires, Argentina -- Doctor Honoris Causa Award -- “Impact of Information Technology on Management” -- Teleconference -- October 15, 1999
 
Box 61 - Continued
FF4597	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Universidad Politecnica de Madrid, Spain -- 1987
FF4598	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Universita Dagli Studi di Roma ‘La Sapienza’ -- rome, italy -- Laurea Honoris Causea Award -- “The Psychology of Scinetific Discovery” -- “The Uses of Mental Imagery in Thinking” -- “The Social Environment of Cognition: Loyalty as Altruism’ --March 30-31, 1993
FF4599	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Akron -- Grunberg Lecture -- “A Market Economy or an Economy of Organizaitos” -- April 7, 2000
FF4600	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, Irvine -- Scientific Explanation Lectue Series -- “Models of Intellgence: Mathematics, Logic, or Heurisitc Search” -- January 24, 1990
FF4601	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Cicago -- Dean’s Symposium -- “Altruism is Compatible with Neo-Darwinian Doctrine: Theroy and Social Science Applications” -- April 16, 1993
FF4602	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Illonois at Urbana-Champaign -- Social Science Divisional Lectures -- “Social Science Theory in the Form of Computer Programs” -- December 7, 1961
FF4603	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Maryland -- ORSA /TIMS Student Chapter -- “Management Decision Making, Analytic and Intuitive” -- ‘Research on creative Thinking and the Uses of Imagery in Thought” -- April 10, 1992
FF4604	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Massachusetts at Amherst -- “Computer Modeling of the Processes of Design and Discovery” -- February 9, 1993
FF4605	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Minnesota -- Sociology Research Institute Annual Keynote Speaker -- “Altruism: The Root of Rachial and Ethnic Loyalty” -- May 19-20, 1995
FF4606	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Nebraska -- Nebraska Symposium on Motivation -- “Foucus on Attention Linkage between Cognition and Motivaiton” -- October 22-24, 1992
FF4607	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Center for the Philosophy of Science -- “Thinking: The Roles of Logic, Language and Pictures in Inference” -- February 9, 1996
FF4608	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Department of Economics Graduate Students’ Seminar -- “Empirical Foundations for a Theory of Bounded Rationality” -- January 30, 1998
FF4609	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Department of Information Science Colloquium -- “Imagery and HCI” -- March 3, 1994
FF4610	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- The Samuel Lazerow Memorial Lecture -- “Information : Promise or Threat” -- October 22, 1991
FF4611	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Survival Skills and Ethics Workshop Keynote Speaker -- “Creativity and Scientific Discovery” -- December 3, 1994
FF4612	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Survival Skills and Ethics Workshop on Creativity and Intellectual Property -- “Creativity and Scientific Discovery” -- March 18, 2000
 
Box 61 - Continued
FF4613	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of  Texas -- “Organizations Then and Now” -- “Finding the Right Representation: Thinking and Discovering in Workds and Pictures” -- “Information Techonology and Computers in Management” -- “Research Strategies in the Short and Long Run” -- February 3-4, 1994
FF4614	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Wisconsin-Madison -- Distinguished Lecture Series on Machine Learning -- “Research in Scientific Discovery” -- “Theorum Proving and Heuristic Search” -- October 3, 1991	
FF4615	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “Design of Organizations” -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4616	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “Form vs Matter” -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4617	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “Quality of Life” -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4618	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- Symposium on Work Programming and the Measurement of Performance -- Announcement -- N.D.
FF4619	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- ‘What Is a Research Problem?” -- Outline -- N.D.
FF4620	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Wright-Patterson Air Force Base -- Colloquium Lecture -- “How People Deraw Inferences from Diagrammatic Information” -- “Mental Imagery In Scientific Problem Solving” -- Simon, Qin, Tabachneck -- “A Computational Model of Diagram Reading and Reasoning” --Dayton, OH -- January 14, 1995
FF4621	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- Abroad -- (Declined) - 2000
FF4622	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1991
FF4623	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) -- 1999
FF4624	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) - 2000
FF4625	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Invitations to Speak -- U.S. and Canada -- (Declined) - 2001
FF4626	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Amnesty International USA -- 25th Anniversayr -- Pittsburgh, PA - August  14, 1986
FF4627	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Academy for Lifelong Learning (ALL) -- “Why Teaching and Research Live Side by Side : The Research University’ -- “Teaching and Learning” -- September 25, 1996
FF4628	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Academy for Lifelong Learning (ALL) -- Elderhostel Program -- “From Steel to Soccor (Robotic): The Computer Age Comes to Pittsburgh” -- June 20, 2000
FF4629	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- AI Cour Course Lectures -- “EPAM: Its Implications for Artificial Intelligence” -- “The Cognitive Science Component of Artificial Intelligence” -- 1988-1989, 1993-1998
FF4630	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- AI Seminar -- “BRAND Names and Cumulative Science” -- Correspondence -- 1998
 
Box 61 - Continued		
FF4631	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- ALCOA -- Senior Staff Seminar on Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence -- “Psychological, Biological and Discovery” -- October 19, 1984
FF4632	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Andrew Carnegie Society -- “Creativity” -- Outline -- December 3, 1988
FF4633	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Art Graduate Seminar -- Correspondence -- November 18, 1992
FF4634	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Biotechnology and Health Policy Task Force -- “The Conception, Care, and Feeding of World-Class, Research Iniatives” -- Outline -- October 12, 1998
FF4635	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Bristol-Myers Squibb Program: Science, Strategy and the Creation of Ecoomic Value -- “How Scientists Make Discoveries” -- November 8-13, 1992
FF4636	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Careers in Science and Technology (CAST) Program -- “A Life In Science” -- Outline -- Correspondence -- 1992-1994
FF4637	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Bosch Institute -- 1992 Program in Engineering and Design -- “The Process of Discovery in Research and Development” -- June 2, 1992
FF4638	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Bosch Institute -- 1993 Summer Program Managing Enigneering Design and Development (MEDD) -- “Research for Discovery and Development” -- June 23, 1993
FF4639	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Bosch Institute -- 1998 Summer Program Managing Enigneering Design and Development (MEDD) -- Correspondence -- July 1998
FF4640	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Carnegie Mellon Research Institute -- U.S. Postal Service (UPS) Emerging Technology Seminar -- “Information Technology, Focus of Attention, and Decision Making” -- April 29, 1992
FF4641	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Celebration for Jordan and 50 Years of Technology at CMU -- “Remarks in Honor of Angel Jordan” -- April 5, 2000
FF4642	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Center for Innovation in Learning (CIL) -- Family Weekend -- “The Center for Innovative Learning at Carnegie Mellon University (Learingn and Teaching as Art and Science)” -- October 21, 1995
FF4643	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Center for Innovation in Learning (CIL) -- Family Weekend -- “Why Teach in a Research University or Vice-Versa?” -- October 23-25, 1998
FF4644	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Center for Innovation in Learning (CIL) Distinguished Lecture -- “Need Teaching Be a Loner’s Sport?” -- April 2, 1996
 
Box 62
Lectures and Talks

FF4645	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - CMU-Pitt Conference on Cognition -- Openig Address -- Outline -- Program -- June 24, 1988
FF4646	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - College Management Program -- June 1981
FF4647	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - College Management Program -- “The Job of a College President” -- June 25-28, 1984
FF4648	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Commencement -- Honorary Degree Award -- “Coommencement Remarks” -- May 20, 1990
FF4649	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Commencement -- “What to Do with Your Life” -- Draft -- May 15, 1999
FF4650	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Computational Social Science Conference -- Annual Summer Workshop -- “Complex Systems: The Interplay of Organizaitons and markets in Contemporary Society” -- July 16-21, 2000
FF4651	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Computing and Philosophy (CAP) Conference -- “Human Reasoning and Formal Logic (Logic and Thought)” -- Eisenstadt and Simon -- August 10-12, 1995
FF4652	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - computing and Philosophy (CAP) Conference -- “Some Conditions for Progress in Machine Theorem Proving’ -- Kim and Simon -- Graphic Material -- August 11, 2000
FF4653	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Conferene on Automated Learning and Discovery (CALD) -- “Using Machine Learning to Understand Human Learning’ -- June 11-13, 1998
FF4654	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Critical Issues for Executives Seminar -- “Technology: Information Processing Artificial Intelligence -- Trends and Future Applications” -- List -- April 1-13, 1984
FF4655	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Department of Chemical Engineering Seminar -- “A Computational Theory of Scientific Discovery” -- “Some Issues in Water Pollution” -- January 23, 1990: October 1970
FF4656	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Donald C. Stone Symposium on Public Administration -- Organizaitonal Requisites of a Viable New World Order -- June 13, 1992
FF4657	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Engineering and Public Policy -- EPP Policy Forum -- “Through the Looking Glass: Technology for Growth” -- Flyer -- February 22, 1995
FF4658	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Engineering and Public Policy (EPP) -- Strategic Nuclear Policy Course Round Table Opening Statements -- April 21, 1984
 
Box 62 - Continued
FF4659	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - EPRI Profitable New Customer Connections Seminar -- “Further Social Implications of Computer Technology” -- November 13, 1996
FF4660	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Faculty Orientation -- “CMU as an Anti-Entropic Organization” -- August 22-25, 1989
FF4661	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Future Opportunities in Computer and Information Technology: A Symposium in Honor of Raj Reddy’s 60th Birthday -- “Robotics Growing Role in Cognitive Science” -- June 4-5 , 1998
FF4662	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Alumni Reunion -- “What’s New in Organization Theory?” -- April 19-21, 1991
FF4663	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA 50th Anniversary -- “Maintaining GSIA’s Historical Tension: Between the Sciences and the Professions” -- “GSIA Then and Now” -- Photographs -- May 21-22, 1999 
FF4664	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Center for Enterpreneurship -- Seminar on Research Perspectives in Enterprenership -- Opening Remarks -- November 14, 1997
FF4665	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Conference Honoring Herbert A. Simon for his Contributions to Economics -- “On How to Decide What to Do” -- October 14-15, 1977
FF4666	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Conference Honoring Richard Cyert -- Panel Discussion: Experimental Economics -- Correspondence -- September 10-11, 1993
FF4667	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Groundbreaking Ceremony -- “GSIA Groundbreaking” -- Outline -- May 17, 1991
FF4668	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Lecture Series -- “Bounded Reality” -- “Thought Processes of Managers” -- “Organizations and Markets” -- “Innovations in Organizations’ -- Outline -- October-November 1988
FF4669	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Manufacturing Management Workshop -- “Information for Managers” -- October 5, 1983
FF4670	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Orientation -- “To GSIA Masters’ Students” -- Outline -- 1991-1993
FF4671	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Program for Executives -- “The Impact of Computers on Society” -- April 28-May 9, 1980
FF4672	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Program for Executives -- “Operations and the Management of Technology” -- March 11-April 20, 1984
FF4673	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Program for Executives -- “Managers and Information” -- October 23, 1985
FF4674	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Program for Executives -- “Information for Management: How Much? What Kind?” -- May 13-June 21, 1990
 
Box 62 - Continued
FF4675	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA “Relativity” Lecture to PFE (Program for Executives) -- and Idea Class -- Transcript -- May 1, 1968
FF4676	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Richard M Cyert 21st Century Lectue Series -- “Organizational Behavior in 1995” -- September 28, 1995
FF4677	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - GSIA Speaker Series -- “Competiveness” -- March 15, 1988
FF4678	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Heinz School Faculty Seminar -- “How to Release Curiosity from the Fetters of Conventional Methodology in Research” -- Correspondence -- October 19, 1998
FF4679	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Heinz School Faculty Seminar -- “Organizations and Markets” -- Correspondence -- February 1993  
FF4680	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - IBM Seminar -- Nsew Modern Engineering -- “Artificial Intelligence” -- Memorandum -- October 14, 1986
FF4681	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  -Information Networking (INI) -- Information Networking Institute (INI) -- The Advanced Technology Innovation (ATI) Program in Information Networking -- May 2, 1991
FF4682	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Institute for Complex Engineering Systems (ICES) -- EDRC -- “The Theory of Engineering Design: What Have We Learned?” -- September 11, 1997
FF4683	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) -- “Why a Diagram is Sometimes Worth 10,000 Words?” -- March 8, 1990
FF4684	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - The Interdisciplinary Colloquium on Decision Making -- “Empirical Verificaiton of Models of Decision” -- November 7, 1979
FF4685	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - An International Workshop on the Future Directions of Computer Aided Engineering -- Tribute of Steven Fenves -- “Comuters in Design Education” -- Transcript -- June 18-19, 1994
FF4686	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - ITESM Visit -- Luncheon Remarks -- May 4, 1993
FF4687	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - List -- CMU Talks, Conferences, Symposiums - 2000
FF4688	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Logic and Computation Seminar in Philosophy -- “Logic and Thought” -- Eisenstadt and Simon -- October 4, 1995
FF4689	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - M&S Seminar -- March 23, 2000
FF4690	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Mathematics Department -- Seminar on Automated Deduction -- “A Formal Verification by Computer of Godel’s Informal Proof of His Undecideability Theorum”- September 27, 1994
 
Box 62 - Continued
FF4691	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Mechanical Engineering ‘AI in Design Course’ Lecture -- “Design” -- February 18, 1993
FF4692	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - NSF Engineering Education Scholars Workshop -- “Exercising Leadership in a Balanced Academic Career” -- July 21-26, 1996
FF4693	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - NSF Organizatinal Leaning Workshop -- “Bounded Rationality and Organizational Learning” -- Simon and Weick -- Transcript -- May 18-20, 1989
FF4694	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - Philosophy Club Talk -- “Is Philosophy Useful of Merely Necessary, In Life and Science” -- January 20, 1993
FF4695	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - 1st Post College Professional Education (PCPE) -- Program for technical Managers -- “Artifical Intelligence -- What Can It Do and Where Is It Going?” -- March 21, 1990
FF4696	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - 2nd Post College Professional Educatio (PCPE) -- The Role of AI in Manufacturing Technology -- “Artificial Intelligence -- What Can It Do and Where Is It Going?” -- September 19, 1990
FF4697	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - 3rd Post College Professional Educaito (PCPE) -- Program for Technical Managers -- “Artificial Intelligence -- What Can It Do and Where Is It Going?” -- March 19, 1991
FF4698	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - 4th Post College Professional Education (PCPE) -- Executive Advanced Technology Seminar -- Nihon Unisys. Ltd -- “Social Implications of the Computer” -- April 22, 1991
FF4699	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - 5th Post College Professional Education (PCPE) -- Executive Advanced Technology Seminar -- Nihon Unisys. Ltd -- “Social Implications of the Computer” -- August 19, 1991
FF4700	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - 6th Post College Professional Education (PCPE) -- Distributed Computing & Multimedia Environments Seminar -- “Social Implications of Electronic Network Communications” -- August 30, 1991
FF4701	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - 7th Post College Professional Education (PCPE) -- Executive Advanced Technology Seminar -- Nihon Unisys, Ltd -- “the Role of the Computer in Non-Routine Problem Solving” -- April 28, 1992
FF4702	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  - 8th Post College Professional Education (PCPE) -- Program for Technical Managers -- “The Infomration Age and Artificial Intelligence” -- March 12, 1994
FF4703	Simon, Herbert A. --  Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  -9th Post College Professional Education (PCPE) -- Program for Technical Managers -- “Managing in an Information Rich World” -- March 11, 1994
FF4704	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Mellon University  -President’s Distinguished Lecture Series -- “The Impact of Computers on Society” -- September 18, 1984
 
Box 62 - Continued
FF4705	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- President’s Weekend -- “Excellence in Teaching and Learning” -- April 25-27, 1996
FF4706	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- ACT --R Workshop -- “Issues of Methodology in Using Empirical Data to Test Comutational Theories of Cognition” -- August 5, 2000
FF4707	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Psychology Department -- “Mental Imagery in Problem Solving” -- August 25-26, 1998
FF4708	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Residence Life Winter Orientation -- “Cross-Train Your Mind Alias, Building a Multi-faceted Mind” -- January 22, 1995
FF4709	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Robotics Institute -- WQED Panel Discussion -- October 21, 1989
FF4710	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science AI Retreat -- “Artificial Intelligence as a Science (AI as an Emperical Science)” -- “AI: Past, Present, Future” -- September 26-27, 1994
FF4711	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science 25th Anniversary Symposium -- “Problem Representation” -- Correspondence -- September 23-26, 1990
FF4712	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science Distinguished Lecture Series -- “What is Reasoning?: Heuristic Search Revisited” -- December 2, 1992
FF4713	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- School of Computer Science Freshman Colloquium -- “What is Reasoning?: Heuristic Search Revisited” -- 1994, 1997-1999
FF4714	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Seminar on Adaptive Social Systems -- “Altruisms, Identification, and Darwinian Theory” -- Article -- March 12, 1997
FF4715	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Simon Symposium -- A Gedankendest for Herbert Simon -- October 10-12, 1996
FF4716	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Social science Department C-MU Symposium on Information Processing in Organizations -- “Commentary” -- October 16-17, 1981
FF4717	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Software Engineering Institute (SEI) -- “The Processes of Design: A Cognitive Viewpoint” -- August 19, 1993
FF4718	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Software Engineering Institute (SEI) -- Affiates Symposium -- “U.S. Competiveness” -- May 3, 1989
FF4719	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- SUPA (School of Urban and Public Affairs) -- “Artificial Intelligence and Information Systems” -- November 19, 1986
FF4720	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- SUPA -- Conference on Labor Relations for Tomorrow’s Technology -- Transcript -- October 26-28, 1982
 
Box 62 - Continued
FF4721	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Talk to Architecture Freshman Class -- Syllabus -- April 16, 1990
FF4722	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Talk for Graduate Psycholoy Methodologies Course -- Outline -- 1998, 2000
FF4723	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Talk for History Course (79-384) -- Correspondence -- December 2, 1992
FF4724	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Talk to Introductory Philosophy Class -- “Searle and Turing” -- April 8, 1998
FF4725	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Talk to Mathematics Class -- “Mathematical Intuition” -- “The Nature of Mathematical Intuition” -- November 1996
FF4726	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University --Talk for Mind, Machine, and Knowledge Course -- “Physical Symbol Systems and EPAM” - October 28, 1999
FF4727	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Talk to MSIA Students -- “Decisions by Managers and Computers” -- Article -- February 5, 1997
FF4728	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Talk to Philosophy Class -- “Logic nad Thought, The Sources of Tautology, Semantics” -- September 27, 1999
FF4729	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- Talk to Physics Class -- “Thinking by Machine” -- April 8, 1996
FF4730	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks - Carnegie Mellon University -- USS Corporation Managing in the Information Age Key Concepts Seminar -- October 18, 1985
FF4731	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Department of State -- Foreign Area research (FAR) Behavioral Sciences Subcommittee Meeting -- “Man’s New Information Environment” -- February 1969
FF4732	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Harold Cohen Sympsosium -- “Can Computers Create and Discover?: On the Limitsof Machines and Intelligence”- “Harold Cohen’s Computer Drawings” -- Buhl Science Center, Pgh, PA -- April 14, 1984 
FF4733	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks --2nd Internatinal Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Design (AID92) -- “People and Computers: Their Roles in Creative Design” -- “The Design of Interfaces for Design” -- “Computer Science” -- June 22-25, 1992
FF4734	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- The 4th International Conferecne on Artificial Intelligence Planning Systems 9AIPS-98) -- “Insights into Human Problem Solving and AI Planning” -- Outline -- Correspondence -- June 8, 1998
FF4735	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Conference on Complex Systems -- “Herbert A. Simon Award to Stuart Kauffman’ -- May 15, 2000
FF4736	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- 2nd International Workshop, CoBuild’99 -- Keynote Speech -- “A Time for Talk and a Time for Silence” -- Proceedings -- 1999
FF4737	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- List -- Foreign Trips 1960 -- Present -- 1995
 
Box 62 - Continued
FF4738	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- List -- Lecture Schedule -- 1972-1983, 1994
FF4739	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Mahoning Valey Technical Societies Council -- “Is Technology the Villain” -- Warren, OH -- Outline -- April 20, 1972
FF4740	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- National Association Associatin of Cost Accountants -- Rochester, NY -- “Centralization vs. Decentralization of Accounting and Control Functions in Business’ -- May 20, 1953
FF4741	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Naval War College -- “The Role of Computers as an Aid to Management’ -- September 10, 1971
FF4742	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Nobel Prize Trip to Sweden -- Notes -- November 30-December 14, 1978
FF4743	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Pittsburgh Regional Center for Science Teachers -- Science, Technology and Society (STS) Symposium --“What Computers Mean for Society” -- March 9, 1990
FF4744	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Operations Reserch Society of America (ORSA) -- ORSA / TIMS Meeting -- “Organizing Search in Heuristic Problem Solving” -- Location Unknown -- N.D.
FF4745	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Sociedad Argentina De Organizacion Industrial (SADOI) -- Buenos Aires, Argentina -- “Effects of Operations Research on Management” -- “Heuristic Decision Making and Management” -- “The Design of Management Information Systems” -- December 13-18, 1970
FF4746	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Society ofr the Mangement of Socio-Economics (SASE) -- 2nd International Cnferecne -- Honorary Fellowship -- Program -- Washington, D.C. -- 1989-1990
FF4747	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Society for Technical Communication (STC) -- Pittsburgh Chapter -- “Communication: Logic or Rhetoric?” -- April 10, 1989
FF4748	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Universita Commerciale Luigi Bocconi -- Milan, Italy -- Empirically Based Economic Series -- March 29-April 3, 1993
FF4749	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of California, San Diego -- Center for Human Information Processing Colloquium -- “An Information Processing Theory of Some Perceptual Processes” -- Booklet -- January 23, 1973
FF4750	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Univeristy of Michigan -- Institute for Social Research -- Conferecne on Research in Research Organizations -- 1955
FF4751	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- “Behaviorism and Cognitivism” -- November 11, 1998
FF4752	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- LRDC Designing for Science Conference -- “Seek and Ye Shall Find: How Curiosity Endangers Discovery” -- April 3-5, 1998
FF4753	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Pittsburgh -- Western Pennsylvania Conference on College Training for Effective Participation in Politics -- Panel Discussion -- April 17-18, 1953
FF4754	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Southern California -- Graduate School of Business Administration -- “Simulation of Human Thinking” -- November 9, 1960
 
Box 62 - Continued
FF4755	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- University of Southern California -- School of Public Administration -- Simulation of Management Level Decisions -- April 28, 1961
FF4756	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- “American Styles of Management” -- N.D.
FF4757	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- (Unknown Occasion) -- London, England -- “Future Role of Computers” -- “The Learning Process” -- “The Teaching Process” -- 1966
FF4758	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- U.S. Naval Academy -- Annapolis, MD -- “Theory and Applications of Management Information Systems” -- September 15, 1970
 
Series VIII. Publications --(1938) 1949-2000

Box 63
Publications

FF4759	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 14 -- “Comparative Statistics and the Measurement of Efficiency” -- Simon -- National Municipal Review, 26:11, 524-527 -- November 1937
FF4760	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 15 -- “Can Municipal Activities be Measured?” -- Simon -- The Municipality, 32; 281-282 -- December 1937
FF4761	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 19 -- “Trends in Municipal Reporting” -- Ridley and Simon -- Public Opinion Quarterly, 2; 465-468 -- July 1938
FF4762	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 20 -- “The Criterion of Efficiency” -- Ridley and Simon -- The Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, 199; 20-25 -- September 1938
FF4763	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 22 -- “Cities Go to the Polls” -- Simon -- Public Management, 20; 362-365 -- 1938
FF4764	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 24 -- “The Administrator in Search of Statistics” -- Simon -- Public Management, 21; 106-109 -- 1939
FF4765	Simon -- Publications -- Reprint #25 -- “Specifications for the Annual Municipal Report” -- Ridley and Simon -- Chicago: International City Managers' Association -- November 1938
FF4766	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #26 -- “The Citizen Looks at His Local Government” -- Ridley and Simon -- Social Education -- February 1940
FF4767	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 27 -- “Work Loads for Professional Staff in a Public Welfare Agency: A Summary Report” -- Simon -- American Public Welfare Association -- November 1941
FF4768	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 29 -- “A Study of Administrative Expenses in the State Relief Administration” -- Bureau of Public Administration -- January 25, 1941
FF4769	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 30 -- “The Planning Approach in Public Economy:  Further Comment” -- Harvard Quarterly Journal of Economics, 55; 325-330 -- February 1941
FF4770	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 31. -- “Measurement techniques in administrative research” -- Simon -- Civic Affairs, 8(9); 1-2, 5-8 -- May  1941
FF4771	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 32 -- “Determining Work Loads in Relief Administration” -- Simon -- Public Management; 23:6 172-175 -- June 1941
FF4772	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 33 -- “Controlling Human Factors in an Administrative Experiment” -- Simon and Divine -- Public Administration Review, 1:5; 485-492 -- 1941
FF4773	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 34 -- () Scientific Research: Its Administration and Organization -- Bush and Hattery -- Reviewed by Simon -- Published in Journal of Business, 24; 293 -- 1951
FF4774	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 35 -- “What's Burning in Your City?” -- Simon and Sharp -- Public Management, 24:6 173-178 -- June 1942
 
Box 63 - Continued
FF4775	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 39 -- “Civic Finance in the U.S.A.” -- Simon -- The Municipal Journal and Local Government Administrator 51 -- May 7, 1943
FF4776	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 40 -- “The Incidence of a Tax on Urban Real 	Property” -- Simon -- Quarterly Journal of Economics 57:3; 398-420 -- 1943
FF4777	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 41 -- “Symmetric Tests of the Hypothesis that the Mean of One Normal Population Exceeds that of Another” --Simon -- Annals of Mathematical Statistics 14:2, 149-154 -- June 1943
FF4778	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 42 -- “Recent Progress in Measuring City Activities” -- Simon -- Public Management, 25; 261-266 -- September 1943
FF4779	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 43 -- “Decision-Making and Administrative Organization” -- Simon -- Public Administration Review 4; 16-31 -- 1944
FF4780	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 44 -- “Statistical Tests as a Basis for ‘Yes-No’ Choices” -- Simon -- Journal of the American Statistical Association 40; 80-84 -- March 1945
FF4781	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 45 -- The Elements of Administration -- Urwick -- Review by Simon -- Published in Public Personnel Review 6; 121-122 -- April 1945
FF4782	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #  46 -- “State-Local Relations in City Planning” -- Simon -- State Government 18:4; 68-71 -- April 1945
FF4783	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 47 -- “Planning for Organization and Management” -- Simon -- Public Management 27; 108-111 -- 1945
FF4784	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 48 -- “Theory of Games and Economic Behavior -- Neumann and Morgenstern” -- Review by Simon -- American Journal of Sociology 50; 558-560 -- 1945
FF4785	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #49 -- “The Fine Art of Issuing Orders” -- Simon -- Public Management 27; 206-208 -- 1945
FF4786	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #50 -- “Enforcement of Regulatory Ordinances” -- Simon -- Public Management 27:8; 226-230 -- August 1945
FF4787	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #52 -- “The Proverbs of Administration” -- Simon -- Public Administration Review  6:1; 53-67 -- 1946
FF4788	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #53 -- “How to Program Municipal Services” -- Public Management 28:12; 354-358 -- December 1946
FF4789	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #54  (1946) -- “What is Urban Redevelopment?” -- Simon -- Illinois Tech Engineer -- December 1946
FF4790	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #57 -- “Trends in Municipal Administration” -- Simon and Simon -- Public Management 29:2; 34-35 -- February 1946
FF4791	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #58 -- “Effects of Increased Productivity Upon the Ratio of Urban to Rural Population” -- Simon -- Econometrica 15:1; 31-42 -- January 1947
FF4792	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 59 -- “Comment on the Article ‘The Science of Public Administration: Three Problems’ by R.A. Dahl” -- Simon -- Public Administration Review 7; 200-203 -- N.D.
 
Box 63 - Continued
FF4793	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #60 -- “The Evolution of the Netherlands -- Boeke -- Review by Simon -- American Journal of Sociology 53:1, 69-70 -- July 1947
FF4794	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #61 -- “Atomic Power: What Does it Mean to our Peacetime Economy?” -- Simon -- Illinois Tech Engineer 13:1; 13 -- October 1947
FF4795	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #62 -- “The Axioms of Newtonian Mechanics” -- Simon -- The Philosophical Magazine 38: 888-905 -- December 1947
FF4796	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #64 -- “Some Economic Effects of  Technological Change [Abstract]” -- Simon -- Econometrica 16:2, 199-200 -- April  1948 
FF4797	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #65 -- “ The Administration State -- Waldo -- Review by Simon -- Published in Journal of Politics, 10; 843-845 -- 1948
FF4798	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #66 -- The Management of Men -- Shuman -- Review by Simon -- Public Personnel Review 10:1; 55-56 -- January 1949
FF4799	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #67 -- Management: Its Nature and Significance -- Brech -- Review by Simon -- The Management Review 38:1; 54 -- 1949
FF4800	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #68 -- “Invention and Cost Reduction in Technological Change [Abstract]” -- Simon -- Econometrica 17; 173-174 -- 1949 
FF4801	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #69 -- “Note: Some Conditions of Macroeconomic Stability” -- Simon -- Econometrica 17:3; 245-248 -- July-October 1949
FF4802	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #71 -- Chapter XIII “The Effects of Atomic Power on National or Regional Economics” -- Simon -- Economic aspects of atomic power -- 1950
FF4803	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 72 -- Chapter XIV “Atomic Power and the Industrialization of Backward Areas” -- Simon -- Economic  aspects of atomic power -- 1950
FF4804	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #74 -- “Discussions: The semantics of political science -- Perry -- Simon -- American Political Science Review 44:2; 407-411 -- June 1950
FF4805	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #75 -- “Modern Organization Theories” -- Simon -- Advanced Management 15:10; 2-4 -- October 1950
FF4806	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #76 -- Chapter XV “Effects of Technological Change in a Linear Model” -- Simon -- Activity analysis of production and allocation -- 1950
FF4807	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #77 -- “The Analysis of Promotional Opportunities” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- January 1951
FF4808	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #78 -- Report of the Harvard Meeting August 31-September 5, 1950 -- “Discussion of Theory of Automata” [Based on a talk given by J. von Neumann.]” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF4809	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #79 -- “A Formal Theory of the Employment Relationship” -- Simon -- Econometrica 19:3; 293-305 -- 1951	
FF4810	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #80 -- “Mathematical Biology of Social Behavior -- Rashevsky -- Simon -- Econometrica 19; 357-358 -- 1951
 
Box 63 - Continued
FF4811	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #81 -- “Bonds of Organization -- Bakke -- Review by Simon -- Industrial and Labor Relations Review 5; 472-474 -- April 1952
FF4812	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #82 -- “On the Application of Servomechanism Theory in the Study of Production Control” -- Simon -- Econometrica  20:2; 247-268 -- 1952, 1957
FF4813	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #83 -- “A Formal Theory of Interaction in Social Group” -- Simon -- American Sociological Review 17:2, 202-211 -- 1952
FF4814	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #84 -- “Development of theory of democratic administration: Replies and Comments” -- Simon, Drucker, and Waldo -- American Political Science Review, 46; 494-496 -- December 1952
FF4815	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 85 -- “On the Definition of the Causal Relation” -- Simon -- The Journal of Philosophy 49:16; 517-528 -- July 1952
FF4816	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #86 -- “Committee Decisions with Complementary Valuation”  Black and Newing” -- Published in American Sociological Review -- October 1952
FF4817	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 87 -- “Comments on the Theory of organizations” -- Simon -- American Political Science Review 46; 1130-1139 -- December 1952
FF4818	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #88 -- “A Comparison of Organization Theories” -- Simon -- The Review of Economic Studies 20:51; 40-48 -- 1952-1953
FF4819	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #89 -- “Causal Ordering and Identifiability” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF4820	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #89a -- “Decision-Making and the Theory of Organization” -- Simon -- Econometrica 21: 348 -- April 1953
FF4821	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #90 -- “Birth of an Organization: The Economic Cooperation Administration” -- Simon -- Public Administration Review 13; 227-236 -- 1953
FF4822	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #91 -- “ Comments on: Research in Comparative Politics” -- Friedrich, Lasswell, Braibanti, Field, Waldo, and Simon -- American Political Science Review  47:3; 664-666 -- 1953
FF4823	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #92 -- “Notes on the Observation and Measurement of Political Power” -- Simon -- Journal of Politics 15; 500-516 -- 1953
FF4824	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #95 -- “Some Strategic Considerations in the Construction of Social Science Models” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- 1954
FF4825	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #97 -- “Optimal Decision Rules for Production and Inventory Control” -- Simon and Holt -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF4826	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #98 -- “Staff and Management Controls” -- Simon -- The Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 292; 95-103 -- March 1954
FF4827	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 99 -- “The Control of Inventories and Production Rates - A Survey” -- Simon and  Holt -- Journal of the Operations Research Society of America 2:3; 289-301 -- August 1954
FF4828	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #100 -- “Spurious Correlation: A Causal Interpretation” -- Simon -- Journal of the American Statistical Association, 49; 467-479 -- September 1954
 
Box 63 - Continued
FF4829	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 101 -- “A Decision Rule for Production and Inventory Control [Abstract]” -- Simon and Holt -- Econometrica 22; 514-515 -- 1954
FF4830	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 102 -- “The Axiomatization of Classical Mechanics” -- Simon -- Philosophy of Science 21:4; 340-343 -- October 1954
FF4831	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #103 -- “Bandwagon and Underdog Effects and the Possibility of Election Predictions” -- Simon -- Public Opinion Quarterly 18:3; 245-253 -- 1954
FF4832	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #104 -- “Productivity Among American Psychologists: An Explanation” -- Simon -- The American Psychologist 9:12; 804-805 -- December 1954
FF4833	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #106 -- “Some Properties of Optimal Linear Filters” -- Simon -- Quarterly of Applied Mathematics 12:4; 438-440 -- January 1955
FF4834	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 107 -- “Organizing for Controllership: Centralization and Decentralization” -- Simon -- The Controller  33; 11-13 -- January 1955
FF4835	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 108 -- “Further Remarks on the Causal Relation. [Reply to N. Rescher's review of the article "On the definition of the causal relation."] -- Simon -- Journal of Philosophy 52:2; 20-21 -- January 6, 1955
FF4836	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #109 -- Simon and Guetzkow -- “A Model of Short-Term Economic Forecasting: Studies In Income and Weath -- Psychological Review, 62:1;56-68 -- 1955	
FF4837	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 110 -- “Expectations and Plans of Firms: Comments” -- Cooper and Simon -- In Short-Term Economic Forecasting: Studies in Income and Wealth 17; 352-359 -- 1955
FF4838	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #111 -- “A Behavioral Model of Rational Choice” -- Simon -- Quarterly Journal of Economics  69; 99-118 -- April 1955
FF4839	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #112 -- “Causality and Econometrics: Comment” -- Simon -- Econometrica, 23; 193-195 -- 1955
FF4840	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #113 -- Appendix B “Framework of a theory of the firm: Comment” -- Simon -- The Business Enterprise as a Subject for Research” -- 49:2 -- June 1955
FF4841	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #114 -- “The Effect of Television Upon Voting Behavior in Iowa in the 1952 Presidential Election” -- Simon and Stern -- American Political Science Review 49:2; 470-477 -- June 1955
FF4842	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #117 -- “ The Mechanisms of Economic Systems -- Tustin” -- Review by Simon -- Published in Quarterly of Applied Mathematics 13; 138 -- 1950
FF4843	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #118 -- “Prediction and Hindsight as Confirmatory Evidence” -- Simon -- Philosophy of Science 22:3; 227-230 -- July 1955
FF4844	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #119 -- “Recent Advances in Organization Theory” -- Simon -- Research Frontiers In Politics And Government (Brookings Lectures) -- 1955
 
Box 63 - Continued
FF4845	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #120 -- “Organization Structure - End or Means?” -- Simon -- Seminars on Administration for Public Health Service Executives -- N.D.
FF4846	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #121 -- “Organizational behavior and rational behavior “ Translation in French “Comportement organisationel et comportement rationnel” -- Simon -- Connaissance de L'Homme, 13(12); 87-98 -- August -September1955
FF4847	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #122 -- “Rational Behavior and Organization Theory”  -- Simon -- May 1955
FF4848	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #123 -- “On a Class of Skew Distribution Functions” -- Simon -- Biometrika -- 42; 425-440 -- Models of Man -- 1955
FF4849	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #123a -- “A Distribution Function for Word Frequences” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- September 8, 1953
FF4850	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 125 -- “A Linear Decision Rule For Production and Employment Scheduling” -- Simon, Holt, and Modigliani -- Management Science 2:1; 1-30 -- October 1955
FF4851	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #124 -- “Mechanisms Involved in Group Pressures on Deviate Members” -- Simon -- The British Jorunal of Statistical Psychology 8 -- November 1955
FF4852	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #125a -- “ Reply: Surrogates for Uncertain Decision Problems” -- Simon -- Planning and Control of Industrial Operations -- Office of Naval Research -- January 1956
FF4853	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #126 -- “Dynamic Programming Under Uncertainty with a Quadratic Criterion Function” -- Simon -- Econometrica 24:1; 74-81 -- January 1956
FF4854	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #127 -- “Rational Choice and the Structure of the Environment” -- Simon -- Psychological Review 63; 129-138  -- 1954, 1956
FF4855	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #128 -- “Models: Their Uses and Limitations” -- Simon and Newell. -- The state of the social sciences  66-83 -- 1956

Box 64
Publications

FF4856	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #129  “Controlling Inventory and Production in the Face of Uncertain Sales” -- Simon, Holt, and Modigliani -- Planning and Control of Industrial Operations -- N.D.
FF4857	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #130 -- “A Comparison of Game Theory and Learning Theory” -- Simon -- Psychometrika, 21; 267-272 -- September 1956
FF4858	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #131 -- “The Logic Theory Machine” -- Newell and Simon -- IRE Transactions on Information Theory, IT-2(3); 61-79 -- 1956
FF4859	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 132 -- “ The Psychology of Economics -- Weisskopf -- Reviewed by Simon -- Published in  American Sociological Review, 21;640-641 -- 1955
 
Box 64 - Continued
FF4860	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #133 -- “Observation of a  Business decision” -- Simon, Cyert, and Trow-- Journal of Business 29; 237-248 -- October 1956
FF4861	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #134 -- “ Information Theory in Psychology: Problems and Methods” -- Quastler, ed. -- Review by Simon -- Published in American Journal of Sociology 62; 441-442 -- 1957
FF4862	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 136 -- “Authority” -- Simon -- Research in Industrial Human Relations” -- 1957
FF4863	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #138 -- “The Compensation of Executives” -- Simon -- Sociometry, 20; 32-35 -- March 1957
FF4864	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #139 -- “The Span of Control: A Reply” -- Simon -- Advanced Management 22:4; 14, 29 -- 1957
FF4865	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #140 -- “Problem Solving in Humans and Computers” -- Simon, Newell, and Shaw -- Carnegie Technical 21:4; 35-38 -- 1957
FF4866	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #142 -- “Empirical Explorations with the Logic Theory Machine: A Case Study in Heuristics” -- Simon, Newell, and Shaw -- Computers and Thought -- 1963
FF4867	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #143 -- “Amounts of Fixation and Discovery in Maze Learning Behavior” -- Simon -- Psychometrika 22:3; 261-268 -- September 1957
FF4868	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #144 -- “Background of decision making” -- Simon -- Naval War College Review 10:3; 1-23 -- November 1957
FF4869	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #145 -- “Aggregation of Variables in Dynamic Systems [Abstract]” -- Simon -- Econometrica 25, 602 -- October 1957
FF4870	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #147 -- “Mathematics for Production Scheduling” -- Simon, Anshen, Holt, Modigliani, and Muth -- Harvard Business Review 36:2; 51-58 -- 1955
FF4871	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #148 -- “The Decision-Making Schema: A Reply  -- Banfield -- Simon -- Public Administration Review, 18; 60-63 -- 1958
FF4872	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #149 -- “Training for Research On Organizations: A Report of the Summer Institute, 1957” -- Simon -- Social Sciences Research Council Items -- March 1958
FF4873	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #150 -- “Definable Terms and Primitives in Deductive Systems in the Axiomatic Method: With Special Reference to Geometry and Physics” -- Simon -- International Symposium on the Axiomatic Method -- 1958
FF4874	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #151 -- “Heuristic Problem Solving: The Next Advance In Operations Research” -- Simon and Newell -- Operations Research 6:1; 1-10 -- January-February 1958
FF4875	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #152 -- “Selective Perception: A Note on the Departmental Identification of Executives” -- Simon and Dearborn -- Sociometry, 21:2; 140-144 -- June 1958
FF4876	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #153 -- “The Role of Expectations in an Adaptive or Behavioristic Model” -- Simon -- Expectations,Uncertainty, and Business Behavior -- 1958
 
Box 64 - Continued
FF4877	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #154 -- Games and Decisions: Introduction and Critical Survey -- Luce and Raiffa -- Review by Simon -- Published in American Sociological Review -- N.D.
FF4878	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #155 -- “Elements of a Theory of Human Problem Solving” -- Simon, Newell, and Shaw -- Psychological Review 65:3; 151-166 -- 1958  
FF4879	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #156 -- “The Administrator as Decision Maker” -- Simon -- Hospital Administration 3; 26-41 -- Spring 1958
FF4880	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #157 -- “Reply: Heuristic Problem Solving [Reply to letter to the editor written by R. Bellman.]” -- Simon -- Operations Research, 6:3 -- 449-450 -- May-June 1958
FF4881	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #158 -- “Reply: Nelson's Reviews of  Models of Man” -- Simon -- American Political Science Review 52, 502;159 -- 1958
FF4882	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #160 -- “The Size Distribution of Business Firms” -- Simon and Bonini -- American Economic Review 48; 607-617 -- September 1958
FF4883	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 161 -- “Chess-Playing Programs and the Problem of Complexity” -- Simon, Newell, and Shaw -- IBM Journal of Research and Development  2; 320-335 -- October 1958
FF4884	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #163 -- “Reply: Logical Positivism and Ethical Judgments” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- October 1958
FF4885	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #165 -- “Simulation of Cognitive Processes: A Report on the Summer Research Training Institute, 1958” -- Simon and Newell -- Social Science Research Council Items -- December1958
FF4886	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #166 -- “A Dynamic Model for the Size Distribution of Business Firms [Abstract]” -- Simon and Bonini -- Econometrica 26; 611 -- 1958
FF4887	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #167 -- “Theoretical and Eperimental Developments in Automata [Abstract]” -- Simon and Newell -- Management Science 5; 347-348 -- 1959
FF4888	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #168 -- “A Command Structure for Complex Information Processing” -- Simon, Shaw, Newell, and Ellis -- Western Joint Computer Conference -- 1958
FF4889	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #169 -- “Theories of Decision-Making in Economics and Behavioral Science” -- Simon -- American Economic Review  -- June 1959
FF4890	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #170 -- “Report on a General Problem-Solving Program” -- Simon, Newell, and Shaw -- International Conference on Information Processing 256-264 [UNESCO House] Paris, France -- 1959
FF4891	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #171 -- “Report on a General Problem-Solving Program [Abstract]” -- Simon, Newell, and Shaw -- Communications of the Association for Computing Machinery -- 1959
FF4892	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #172 -- “Definable Terms and Primitives in Axiom Systems” -- Simon -- Symposium on the Axiomatic Method, Amsterdam: North-Holland -- 1959
 
Box 64 - Continued
FF4893	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 173 -- “Elements of Mathematical Biology -- Locke -- Review by Simon -- Published in Econometrica 27:3 493-495 -- July 1959
FF4894	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 174 -- “Some Further Notes on a Class of Skew Distribution Functions” -- Simon -- Information and Control 3; 80-88 -- March 1960
FF4895	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #175 -- “What Have Computers to do With Management?” -- Simon -- Management Organization and the Computer -- 1960
FF4896	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 176 -- “A Variety of Intelligent Learning in a General Problem Solver” -- Simon -- Self-organizing systems: Proceedings of an Interdisciplinary Conference -- 1960
FF4897	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #177 -- “Management by Machines: How Much and How Soon?” -- Simon -- The Management Review, 49; 12-19, 68-80 -- November 1960
FF4898	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #181 -- “The Corporation: Will it be Managed by Machines?” -- Simon -- Management and Corporations, New York, NY: McGraw-Hill; 17-55 -- 1985, 1960
FF4899	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #182 -- “Micro Simulation: Simulation of Individual and Group Behavior” -- Simon and Clarkson -- American Economic Review; 50; 920-932 -- December 1960 
FF4900	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #183 -- “Simulation of Human Thought” --  Simon and Newell -- Current Trends in Psychological; 152-179 --1959
FF4901	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #184 -- “Decision Making and Planning” -- Simon -- Planning and the urban community -- Pittsburgh: Carnegie Institute of Technology and the University of Pittsburgh Press -- N.D.
FF4902	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #185 -- “Computer Simulation of Human Thinking and Problem Solving” -- Simon and Newell -- Science -- Datamation -- June  1961
FF4903	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #186 -- “Do Machines Operate the Way People Do?” -- Simon -- Technology Review -- May 1961
FF4904	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 188 -- “Comment: The Distinctiveness of Dtimuli” -- Murdick -- Simon and Feigenbaum -- Psychological Review 68:4; 285-288. -- 1961
FF4905	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #189 -- “Forgetting in an Association Memory” -- Simon and Feigenbaum -- Proceedings of the 1961 National Conference of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), 16; 202-205 -- 1961
FF4906	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 190 -- “Aggregation of variables in dynamic systems” -- Simon, Herbert A., & Ando, A. -- Econometrica, 29; 111-138 -- Models of Discovery -- Essays on the Structure of Social Science Models -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- 1961
FF4907	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 191 -- “GPS: A Program that Simulates Human Thought” -- Simon and Newell -- Lernende Automaten: Munchen: R. Oldenbourg; 109-124 -- 1961
FF4908	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #192 -- “Reply to ‘Final Note’ by Benoit Mandelbrot -- Simon -- Information and Control 4:2-3; 217-223 -- 1961
 
Box 64 - Continued
FF4909	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 193 -- “Reply to Dr. Mandelbrot's ‘Post Scriptum’” -- Simon -- Information and Control, 4; 305-308 -- 1961
FF4910	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 195 -- “New Approaches to Decision Processes” -- Simon -- “Decision Making in Business” -- “Organization Theory and Business Behavior” -- Examples of Huristic Programming” -- Research Possiblilities for Bureaus of Business Research in the Theory of the Firm” -- N.D.
FF4911	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #196 -- “Computer Simulation of Human Thinking” -- Simon and Newell -- Science, 134; 2011-2017 -- 1961
FF4912	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 197 -- “Human Cognition and Problem Solving” -- Simon -- The Voice of America: Forum Lectures -- 1961
FF4913	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #198 -- “Comment: The meaning and uses of models” -- Suppes -- Simon -- Syntheses 13: 173-174 -- 1961
FF4914	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #199 -- “The Decision Maker as Innovator” -- Simon -- Concepts and issues in administrative behavior,  Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall; 66-69 -- 1962
FF4915	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #200 -- Computer Applications in the Behavioral Sciences  -- Borko -- Foreword by Simon  -- 1962
FF4916	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 201 -- “Reply to M. Taube's Letter on the Article ‘Computer Simulation of Human Thinking’" -- Simon and Newell -- Published in Science, 136; 196,198 -- 1962
FF4917	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #202 -- “Strengthening the Behavioral Sciences” -- Simon -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- April 20, 1962
FF4918	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #204 -- “New Developments in the Theory of the Firm” -- Simon -- American Economic Review, 52, 1-15 -- May  1962
FF4919	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #205 -- “Research Summary: Simulation of Human Verbal Learning Behavior” -- Simon -- Communications of the Association for Computing Machinery, 5(4); 223 -- 1962
FF4920	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #207 -- “An Information Processing Theory of Intellectual Development” -- Simon -- Thought in the  Young Child -- 1962
FF4921	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #209 -- “A Theory of the Serial Position Effect” -- Simon and Feigenbaum --  British Journal of Psychology 53:3; 307-320 -- 1963
FF4922	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #210 -- “The Processes of Creative Thinking” -- Simon -- Contemporary approaches to creative thinking,  H.E. Gruber, G. Terrell, and M. Wertheimer (Eds.), New York, NY: Atherton Press;  63-119 -- 1962
FF4923	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #211 -- “Trial and Error Search in Solving Difficult Problems: Evidence from the Game of Chess” -- Simon and Simon -- Behavioral Science, 7; 425-429 -- October 1962 
FF4924	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #212 -- “The Architecture of Complexity” -- Simon -- Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 106; 467-482 -- December 1962
FF4925	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 213 -- “Technological Change” -- Simon -- Public Management 44 ; 277-280 -- December 1962
FF4926	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #214 -- “A Note on Mathematical Models for Learning” -- Simon -- Psychometrika 27;  417-418 -- December 1962 
 
Box 64 - Continued 
FF4927	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 216 -- “Economics and Psychology” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF4928	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #217 -- “Computers in Behavioral Science” -- Simon and Feigenbaum -- Behavioral Science, 8; 72-76 -- January 1963
FF4929	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #217 -- “Brief Notes on the EPAM Theory of Verbal Learning” -- Simon and Feigenbaum -- Verbal behavior and learning, New York, NY: McGraw-Hill; 333-335 -- 1963
FF4930	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #219 -- “How Computers Can Learn from Experience” -- Simon -- Applications of Digital Computers, New York, NY: Ginn and Company; 11-27 -- 1963
FF4931	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #220 -- “Computers in Psychology” -- Simon and Newell -- Handbook of Mathematical Psychology, New York, NY: Wiley -- 1963
FF4932	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #222 -- “Some Monte Carlo Estimates of the Yule Distribution” -- Simon and Von Wormer -- Behavioral Science, 8, 203-210 -- 1963
FF4933	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #224 -- “Discussion: Problems of Methodology” -- American Economic Review 53; 229-231 -- N.D.
FF4934	Simon, Herbert A. --  Publication -- Reprint #225 -- “A Note on the Cobb-Douglas Function” -- Simon and Levy -- The Review of Economic Studies 30; 93-94 -- 1965
FF4935	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #226 -- “Psychology in Administration: A Research Orientation -- Costello and Zalkind (Eds.). Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall -- Forword by Simon -- 1963
FF4936	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #228 -- “Experiments with a Heuristic Compiler” -- Journal of the Association for Computing Machinery 10; 493-506 -- 1963
FF4937	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 229 -- “Human Acquisition of Concepts for Sequential Patterns” -- Simon and Kotovsky -- Psychological Review 70; 534-546 -- 1963
FF4938	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #230 -- “Generalization of an Elementary Perceiver and Memorizing Machine” -- Simon and Feigenbaum -- Information Processing -- 1962 
FF4939	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #231 -- “Elementary Perceiver and Memorizer: Review of Experiments” -- Simon -- Symposium on simulation models: Methodology And Applications To The Behavioral Sciences, Cincinnati: South-Western; 101-110 -- 1963
FF4940	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #232 -- “Approaching the Theory of Management”  -- Simon -- Toward A Unified Theory Of Management, New York, NY: McGraw-Hill; 77-85 -- 1964
FF4941	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #233 -- “Comment: Firm size and Rate of Growth” -- Simon -- Journal of Political Economy, 72; 81-82 -- February 1964
FF4942	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #235 -- “A Framework for Decision making” -- Simon -- Proceedings of a Symposium on Decision Theory, 1-9; 22-28 -- October 3, 1963
 
Box 64 - Continued
FF4943	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #237 -- “Business Firm Growth and Size” -- Ijiri, Y., & Simon, Herbert A. -- American Economic Review, 54; 77-89 -- March 1964
FF4944	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #238 -- “Letter to the Editor” -- Simon -- Chess Life 19; 79 -- April  1964
FF4945	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #239 -- “Letter to the Editor” -- Behavioral Science 9; 171 -- March 2, 1962
FF4946	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #241 -- “On the Concept of Organizational Goal” -- Simon -- Administrative Science Quarterly 9; 1-22 -- June  1964 
FF4947	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #244 -- “Information Processing in Computer and Man” -- Simon and Newell -- American Scientist, 52; 281-300 -- Science in Progress -- 1964-1966
FF4948	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #245 -- “Simulation of cognitive processes” -- Simon and Newell -- Proceedings of the XVII Congress of Psychology; 298-299 -- August 20-26, 1963

Box 65
Publications

FF4949	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #246 -- “An Information-Processing Theory of Some Effects of Similarity, Familiarization, and Meaningfulness in Verbal Learning” -- Herbert & Feigenbaum -- Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior, 3; 285-396 -- October 1964
FF4950	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #251 -- “‘Rationality’. In J. Gould and W.L. Kolb (Eds.), A dictionary of the social sciences,” Glencoe, IL: The Free Press; 573-574 -- 1964
FF4951	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #252 -- “Understanding Creativity” -- Simon -- Carnegie Review, 2; 8 -- 1964/1965
FF4952	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #253 -- “The Promise of Automation” -- Simon -- PLA Conference -- October 20, 1964
FF4953	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #254 -- “Appendix: Economics of milk production and distribution in Pennsylvania” -- Simon, Herbert A., Holtzinger, J.E., & Miller, F.K. -- Report of the Public Members of the Governor's Milk Control Inquiry Committee, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania -- February 1, 1965 
FF4954	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #255 -- “Heuristic problem solving by Computer” -- Simon  & Newell -- In M.A. Sass and W.D. Wilkinson (Eds.), Computer augmentation of human reasoning, Washington, DC: Spartan Books; 25-35 -- 1965
FF4955	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #256 -- “Simulation of human processing of information” -- Newell & Simon -- American Mathematical Monthly, 72(2); 111-118 -- Februrary, 1965
FF4956	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #257 -- “Administrative decision making” -- Simon -- Public Administration Review, 25,;31-37 -- March 1965
FF4957	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #258 -- “Popularization, Sweet and Sour” -- Review by Simon -- Published in Contemporary Psychology 10:5 -- 1965
 
Box 65 - Continued
FF4958	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #260 -- “an Example of Human Chess Play in the Lightof Chess Playing Programs” -- Simon and Newell -- Carneie Institute of Technology -- August 1964
FF4959	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #263 -- “Programs as Theories of Higher Mental Processes” -- Simon -- Computers in Biomedical Research 2 -- 1965  
FF4960	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article  -- Reprint #264 -- Digital Comuter Needs in Universities and Colleges -- National Academy of Sciences -- 1966
FF4961	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #265 -- “Cognitive Processes in Solving Algebra Word Problems” -- Simon and Paige -- Problem Solving -- Models of Thought -- 1966, 1979
FF4962	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #266 -- “The Logic of Ratonal Decisions” -- Simon -- The British Journal For The Philosophy Of Science 16 -- 1965
FF4963	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #267 -- “A Comuter for Everyman” -- Simon -- The American Scholar 35:2 -- 1966
FF4964	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #268 -- “Political Research: The Decision-Making Framework” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF4965	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #269 -- “A Chess Maitng Combinations Program” -- Simon and Baylor -- Proceedings of the 1966 Spring Joint Computer Conference -- 1966
FF4966	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #270 -- “Reply to Heilbroner’s Review of ‘The Shape of Automation’” -- Simon --The New York Review of Books 6 -- 1966
FF4967	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #271 -- “Reply to Jan Reiner: Reautomaiton and Unemployment” -- Simon -- American Scholar 35 -- 1966
FF4968	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #272 -- “Letter to the Editor: Computer-Time Allocation” -- Simon -- Science 153 -- 1966
FF4969	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #274 -- “Thinking by Computers” -- Simon -- Mind and Cosmos: Essays in Contemprorary Science and Philosophy 3 -- 1966
FF4970	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #275 -- “Scientific Discovery and the Psychology of Problem Solving” -- Simon -- Mind and Cosmos: Essays in Contemprary Science and Philosophy -- 1966
FF4971	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #276 -- “The Automation Bogy” -- Dissent -- N.D.
FF4972	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #278 -- “The Impact of New Information-Processing Technology” -- Simon -- Commercial Letter -- October 1966
FF4973	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #279 -- Thought and Choice in Chess -- de Groot -- Review by Simon -- Published in Contemporary Psychology 11:11 -- 1966
FF4974	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #280 -- “A Note on Jost’s Law and Exponential Forgetting” -- Simon -- Psychometrica 31:4 -- December 1966
FF4975	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #281 -- “Reflections on Time Sharing from a User’s Point of View” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF4976	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #282 -- “Motivational and Emotional Controls of Cognition” -- Simon -- Psychological Review 74:1 -- Models of Thought -  1967
 
Box 65 - Continued
FF4977	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #283 -- Random House and the Growth of Firms”  - Steindl -- Review by Simon -- Published in Journal of the American Statistical Association 61  -- 1966
FF4978	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #284 -- “The Job of a College President” -- Simon -- Educational Record 48 -- 1967 
FF4979	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #285 -- “A Note on Almost -- Everywhere Definabiity”  - Simon -- Publication Unknown -- December 28, 1964
FF4980	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #286 -- “The Business School: A Problem in Organizational Design” -- Simon -- The Journal of Management Studies -- February 1967
FF4981	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #288 -- Mathematical Explorations in Behavioral Science -  Massarik and Ratoosh, eds, - Review by Simon -- Published in Quarterly of Applied Mathematics 24 -- 1967
FF4982	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #289 -- “The Use of Information Processing Languages in Psychology” -- Simon -- Les Modeles it la Formalisation Du Comportement -- 1965
FF4983	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #290 -- Computer Decision Processes -- Nicosia -- Foreword by Simon -- 1967 
FF4984	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #291 -- “Programs as Factors of Production” -- Simon -- Proceedings of the Industrial Relations Research Association -- N.D.
FF4985	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #292 -- “Cause and Counterfactual” -- Simon and Rescher -- Philosophy of Science 33:4 -  December 1966
FF4986	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #293 -- “Letter to the Editor” -- Simon -  American Documentation 18:2 -- April 1967
FF4987	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #295 -- “Overview: Memory and Process in Concept Formaion” -- Simon and Newell -- Concepts and the Structure of Memory -- April 1967
FF4988	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #296 -- “Information Can Be Managed” -- Simon -- Think 33:3 -- Seminar 6 -- 1967
FF4989	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #297 -- “Process Models and Stochastic Theories of Simple Concept Formation” -- Simon -- Journal of Mathematical Psychology 4:2 -- 1967, 1979 
FF4990	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #299 -- “On the Question of the Psychology of Scientific Creativity” -- Kedrov -- Voprosy Psikhologii 3:6 -- The Soviet Review 8:2 -- 1957, 1967 
FF4991	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #300 -- “Introduction on to B.M. Kedrow, ‘On the Question of the Psychology of Scientific Creativity” -- Simon -- Soviet Psychology 5:2 -- 1966-1967
FF4992	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #304 -- “The Changing Theory and Changing Pracice of Public Administration” -- Simon -- Contemporary Political Science -- 1967
FF4993	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #305 -- “Heuristic Programs and Algorithms” -- Simon -- SICART -- 1967
 
Box 65 - Continued
FF4994	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #306 -- “The Logic of Heuristic Decision Making” -- Simon -- The Logic of Decision and Action -- 1967
FF4995	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #307 -- “An Information --Processing Explanation of One-Trial and Incremental Learning” -- Simon and Gregg -- Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior 6:5 -- October 1967
FF4996	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #309 -- Experiments in Induciton -- Hunt, Marin, and Stone -- Review by Simon -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF4997	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #310a -- “Some Design and Research Methodologies in Business Administration” -- Simon -- Le Production des Connaissances Scientifiques de L’Administration -- 1986
FF4998	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #310b -- “An Information-Processing Explanation of some Perceptual Phenomena” -- Simon -- British Journal of Psychology 58 -- 1967
FF4999	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #311 -- “Cool It, Friend! : An Open Letter to Hubert Dreyfus” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF5000	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #312 -- “Mathematical Models and Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon -- Brain Function 6 -- 1967
FF5001	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #313 -- “A Model of Business Firm Growth” -- Simon and Ijiri -- Econometrica 35:2 -- April 1967
FF5002	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #314 -- “Administrative Behavior” -- Simon -  International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences -- 1968
FF5003	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #315 -- “Causation” -- Simon -- International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences -- 1968
FF5004	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #316 -- “Simulation: Individual Behavior” -- Simon -- International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences -- 1968
FF5005	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #317 -- Chapter 8: “Pattern in Music” -- Simon -- Representation of Human Judgement -- 1968
FF5006	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #320 -- “The Future of Information Processing Technology’ -- Simon -- Management Science 14:9 -- May 1968
FF5007	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #321 -- Behavior in Organizaitons: A Mulitdimensional View  - Athos -- Foreword by Simon -- 1968
FF5008	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #322 -- Mathematics in the Social Sciences asnd other Essays -  Stone -- Review by Simon -- Published in Quarterly of Applied Mathematics 26:1 -- April 1968
FF5009	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #323 -- “Research for Choice” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF5010	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #325 -- “On Judging the Plausibility of Theories” -- Simon -- Logic, Methodology and Philosophy of Sciences III -- 1968
FF5011	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #328 -- “Adapting to the Need to Understand Thought” -- Simon -- Approaches to Thought -- 1969
FF5012	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #330 -- “Man’s Information Environment” -- Simon -- Far Horizons 2:3 -- 1969
 
Box 65 - Continued
FF5013	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #331 -- “Testimony -- Senate Resolution 78, to Establish a Select Committee on Technology and the Human Environment’ -- Simon -- March 6, 1969
FF5014	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #332 -- “The Daily Newspaper’s Place in a modern Information System” -- Simon -- Annual Conference of American Society of Newspapser Editors -- April 18, 1969
FF5015	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #333 -- “Information-Processing Analysis of Perceptual Processes in Problem Solving’ -- Simon and Barenfeld -- Psychological Review  76:5 -- 1969
FF5016	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #334 -- “Perception du Pattern Musical par Auditeur” -- Simon -- Sciences de L’Art 5:2 -- 1968
FF5017	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #335 “On Continuing One’s Education” -- Simon -- Novus -- November 1969
FF5018	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #336 -- Chapter 4 “Basic Research in the Sciences of Behavior” -- Simon -- SSRC -- June 20, 1969
FF5019	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #337 -- “The Impact of the Computer on Management” -- Simon -- Processing of the 15th International Management Congress -  1969
FF5020	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #340 -- “The Problem of Cities” -- Simon -- Novus -- March 1970
FF5021	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #343 -- “Psychology and Economics” -- Simon and Stedry -- The Hnadbool of Social Psychology 5 -- 1970
FF5022	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #344 -- “the Axiomatization of Physical Theories” -- Simon -- Philosophy of Science 37:1 -  March 1970
FF5023	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #346 -- Normative Decision Making  - Kassouf -- Foreword by Simon -- 1970
FF5024	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #349 -- “Information Storage as a Problem in Organization Design” -- Simon -- Ekonomiskt Forum -- 1970
FF5025	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #351 -- “Style in Design” -- Simon -- Proceedings of the 2nd Annual Design Research Association Conference -- 1971
FF5026	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #353 -- “Human Problem Solving: The State of the Theory in 1970” -- Simon and Newell -- American Psychologist 26:2 -- Mental Health Digest 3:7 -- 1971
FF5027	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #354 -- “Information Storage as a Problme in Organizaitonal Design” -- Simon -- Behavioral Approaches to Modern Management 1 -- 1970
FF5028	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #355 -- “Effects of Mergers and Acquisitions on Business Firm Cncentration” -- Ijiri and Simon -  The Journal of Political Economy 79:2 -- March -- April 1971
FF5029	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #356 -- “Designing Organizations for an Information-Rich World” -  Simon -- Computers, Communications and the Public Interest -- 1971
FF5030	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #359 -- “Informaitonssysteme fur Management-Entscheinduengen” -- Simon -- Bauwel -- 1971
 
Box 65 - Continued
FF5031	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #360 -- “The Theory of Problem Solving” -- Simon -- Information Processing 71 -- 1972
FF5032	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #361 -- “Theories of Bounded Rationality”  Simon -- Decision and Organization  1972
FF5033	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #362 -  Simulation in Social And Administrative Science  - Guetzkow -- Foreward by Simon -- 1972
FF5034	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #364 -- “The Heuristic Compiler” -- Simon -- Representation and Meaning  -- 1972
FF5035	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #365 -- “On Reasoning about Actions” -- Simon -  Representation and Meaning -- 1972
FF5036	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #366 -- “Some Semantic Methods for Language Processing” -- Siklossy and Simon -- Representation and Meaning -- 1972
FF5037	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #367 -- “The Size of Things” -- Simon -- Publicaiton Unknown -- N.D.
Box 66
Publications

FF5038	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #368 -- “On the Development of the Processor” -- Simon -- Infomration Processing in Children -- 1972
FF5039	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #369 -  Explanation in the Behavioural Sciences: confrontations -- Borger an Cioffi, eds, - Review by Simon -- Publication Unknown -- 1970
FF5040	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #370 -- “What is Visual Imagery? : An Infomration Processing Interpretation” -- Simon -- Cognition in Learning and memory -  1972
FF5041	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #371 -- “Complexity and the Representation of Patterned Sequences of Symbols’ -- Simon -- Psychological Review 79:5 -- 1972
FF5042	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #372 -- “Central Issues in Designing Information Systems for Organizations” -- Simon -- Organizations and Computers -- 1972
FF5043	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #373 -- “Social Change and Human Behavior : Perceiving and Thinking” -- Simon -- Proceedings of a conference on the 25th Anniversary of the National Mental Health Act -- 1971
FF5044	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #374 -- “Perception in Chess” -- Simon and Chase -- Cognitive Psychology 4:1 -- Models of Thought -- 1973, 1979
FF5045	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #375 -- “Cognitive Control of Perceptual Processes” -- Simon -  Social Change and Human Behavior -1972
FF5046	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #377 -- “Mao’s China in 1972” -- Simon -- Items 27:1 -- March 1973
FF5047	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #378 -- “Alternative Uses for Phonemic Information in Spelling” -- Simon and Simon -- Review of Education Research 43 -- Models of Thought --1973, 1979

 
Box 66 - Continued
FF5048	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #379 -- “Applying Information Technology to Organization Design” -- Simon -- Public Administration Review -- Incisa -- 1973
FF5049	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #380 -- “Empirical Tests of a Theory of Human Acquisition of Concepts for Sequential Patterns” -- Kotovsky and Simon -- Cognitive Psychology 4 -- Models of Thought-  1973, 1979
FF5050	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #381 -- “Perception in Chess” -- Simon and Chase -- Mental Health Digest -- N.D.
FF5051	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #382 -- “Technology and Environment” -- Simon -- Management Science -- June 1973
FF5052	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #383 -- “Skill in Chess” -- Simon and Chase -- American Scientist -- July- August 1973
FF5053	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #384 -- “Organization Man: Rational or Self-Actualizing”  - Simon -- Public Administration Review -- July-August 1973
FF5054	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #385 -- “A Simulation of Memory for Chess Positions” -- Simon and Gilmartin -- Cognitive Psychology -- 1973
FF5055	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #386 -- “The Mind’s Eye in Chess” -- Simon and Chase -- Visual Infomraiton Processing -- Models of Thought -- 1973, 1979
FF5056	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #388 -- “The Organization of Complex Systems” -- Simon -- Hierarchy Theory -  Models of Discovery  -- 1973
FF5057	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #391 -- “Lessons from Perception for Chess-Playing Programs (and Vice Versa)” -- Simon -- Computer Science Research Review -- 1972-1973
FF5058	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #392 -- “How Big is a Chunk?” -- Simon -- Models of Thought  -- 1974, 1979  
FF5059	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #393 -- “Appendix to ‘Residential Choice and Air Pollution: A General Equilibrium Model’” -- Seskin and Simon -- American Economic Review  63:5 -- December 1973
FF5060	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #394 -- “Rasey Eliminability and the Testability of Scientific Theory’ -- Simon and Groen -- British Journal of the Philosophy of Science 24  -- 1973
FF5061	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #395 -- “The Structure of Ill-Structured Problems” -- Simon -  Artificial Intelligence 4 -  1973
FF5062	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #396 -- “Does Scientific Discovery Have a Logic?” -- Simon -- Philosophy of Science 40:4 -- Logic der Forschung -  December  1973
FF5063	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #397 -- “Interpretations of Departures from the Pareto Curve Firm-Size Distributions” -- Simon and Ijiri -  Journal of Political Economy 82 -- 1974
FF5064	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #398 -- “Processes for Sequence Produciton” -- Simon and Greeno -  Psychological Review  -- 1974
FF5065	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #400 -- “Thinking Processes” -- Simon and Newell -  Contemporary Developments in Mathematical Psychology -- 1974
 
Box 66 - Continued
FF5066	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #401 -- “The Psychological Conceptof ‘Losing Move’ in a Game of Perfect Information” -- Simon -- Proceedings of the National Academy of Science -- June 1974
FF5067	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #402 -- “Air Quality and Automobile Emission Control Summary Statement” -- Simon -- United States Senate Committee on Public Works -- September 1974
FF5068	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #403 -- “Problem Solving and Rule Induciton: A Unified View” -- Simon and Lea -  Knowledge and Cognition -- Models of Thought -- 1974, 1979
FF5069	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #404 -- “Understanding Written Problem Instrucitons” -- Simon and Hayes -  Knowledge and Cognition -- Models of Thought -- 1974, 1979
FF5070	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #405 -- Linguistics communication, Perspectives for Research -- Simon, et al. -- International reading Association -- 1974
FF5071	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #406 -- “’Losing Move’ -- An Infomration Processing Concept” -- Simon -- Sigart Newsletter 48 -- October 1974
FF5072	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #408 -- “The Functional Equivalence of Problem Solving Skills” -- Simon -- Cognitive Psychology 7 -- Models of Thought -  1975, 1979
FF5073	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #409 -- “Some Distributions Associated with Bose-Einstein Statistics” -- Simon and Ijiri k- Proceedings for the National Academy of Science -- May 1975
FF5074	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #410 -- “Optimal Problem-Solving Search: All-or-None Solutions” -- Simon and Kadane -- Artificial Intelligence 6:3  -- 1975
FF5075	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #411 -- “Retention of Visually Presented Information in Children’s Spelling” -- Simon and Farnham-Diggory -- Memory and Cognition 3:6 -- 1975
FF5076	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #412 -- “Understanding Tasks Stated in Natural Language” -- Simon and Hayes -- Speech Recognition -- 1975
FF5077	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #417 -- “Testimony at the NSF Authorization Hearings” -- Simon -- February 1976
FF5078	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #418 -- “Computer Science as Empirical Inquiry : Symbols and Search” -- Simon and Newell -- 1975 ACM Turing Award Lecture -- Communications of the ACM 19:3 -- March 1976
FF5079	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprints #419 -- “Modeling Strategy Shifts in a Problem-Solving Task” --Simon -- Cognitive Psychology 8 -- Models of Thought -- 1976, 1979
FF5080	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #420 -- “The Design of Large Computing Systems as an Organizational Problem” --  Organisatiewetenschap en Praktijk -  1976
FF5081	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #421 -- “Design of Systems” (Japanese) --Simon -- Encyclopedia World Now -- 1970, 1976
FF5082	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #422 -- ‘Learning with Understanding” -- Simon -- Mathematics Education Report -- June 1975
 
Box 66 - Continued
FF5083	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #424 -- “A Program Modeling Short-term Memory Under Strategy Control” -- Simon, Gilmartin, and Newell -- March 6, 1975 
FF5084	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #425 -- “The Infomration Storage System Called ‘Human Memory’” -- Simon -- Neutral Mechanisms of Learning and Memory -- Models of Thought -- 1976, 1979
FF5085	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #426 -- “The Understanding Process: Problem Isomorphs” -- Simon and Hayes -- Cognition and Instruction -- 1976
FF5086	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #427 -- “The Understanding Process: Problem Isomorphs” -- Simon and Hayes -- Cognitive Psychology 8 -- 1976
FF5087	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #428 p “Information Processing” -- Simon -- Encyclopedia of Computer Science -- 19976
FF5088	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #429 -- “Symbol Manipulation” -- Simon and Newell -- Encyclopedia of Computer Science -- 1976
FF5089	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #430 -- “Identifying Basic Abilities Underlying Intelligent Performance of Complex Tasks” -- Simon -  The Natrue of Intelligence -- 1976
FF5090	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #431 -- “Discussion: Bradie on Polanyi on the Meno Paradox” -- Simon -- Philosophy of Science 43:1 -- March 1976
FF5091	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #432 -- “From Substantive to Procedural Rationality” -- Simon -  Method and Appraisal in Economics -- ¬25 Years of Economic Theory -- 1976
FF5092	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #432, 468, 483 -- “Four Essays on Procedural Rationality in Economics” -- Simon -- Various Publications -- 1978-1979
FF5093	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #433 -- “What the Knower Knows: Alternative Strategies of Problem-Solving Tasks” -- Simon and Gregg -- Proceedings of the 21st International Congress of Psychology -- 1976
FF5094	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #435 -- “Discussion: Cognition and Social Behavior” -- Simon -- Cognition and Social Behavior -- 1976
FF5095	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #438 -- “Engineering Design” -- Simon -- The Nest Hundred Years -- 1977
FF5096	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #443 -- “What Computers Mean for Man and Society” -- Simon -- Science 195 -- March 18, 1977
FF5097	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #444 -- “Optimal Strategies for a Class of Constrained Sequential Problems” -- Simon and Kadane -- The Annals of Statistics 5:2 -- 1977  
FF5098	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #445 -- “Psychological Difference Among Problem Isomorphs” -- Simon and Hayes -- Cognitive Theory -- 1977 
FF5099	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #446 -- Decomposability: Queuing and Computer System Applications -  Courtois -- Foreword by Simon -- 1977
FF5100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #447 -- “Modeling Semantic Memory: Effects of Presenting Semantic Information in Different Modalities” -- Simon and Rosenberg -- Cognitive Psychology 9 ¬-- 1977
FF5101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #448 -- “Problem Solving in Semantically Rich Domains: An Example from Engineering Thermodynamis” -- Simon and Bhaskar -- Cognitive Science1 -- 1977
 
Box 66 - Continued
FF5102	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #449 -- “Artificial Intelligence Systems that Understand” -- Simon - Proceedings of the 5th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence 2 -- 1977
FF5103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #451 -- “The Uses of Mathematics in the social Sciences” -- Simon -- Mathematics and Computers in Simulation XX -  1978
FF5104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #452 -- “How Complex Are Complex Systems?” -- Simon -  Philosophy of Science Association 2 -- 1977
FF5105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #455 -- “Organizing and Managing in an Information Rich Society” -- Simon -- August 10, 1977
FF5106	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #457 -- “Identifiability and the Status of Theoretical Terms” -- Simon -- Basic Problems in Methodology and Linguistics -- 1977
FF5107	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #458 -- “Saikin no Amerika Soshiki kenkyi no dako: keiei e oyo o chusin to shite” -- Simon -- Organizational Science 11:4 -- 1977
FF5108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #459 -- “From Words to Equations: Meaning and Representatoin in Algebra Word Problems” -- Simon, Hinsley and Hayes -- Cognitive Processes in Comprehension -- 1977
FF5109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #460 -- “On the Nature of Understanding’ -- Simon -- Perspectives on Computer Science -- 1977
FF5110	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #461 -- “Induction and Representation of Sequential Patterns” -- Simon -- Formal Theories of Visual Perceptions -- 1978
FF5111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #462 -- “Information-Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving” -- Simon -- Handbook of Learning and Cognitive Processes -- 1978
FF5112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #463 -- “Rationality as Process and as Product of Thought” -- Simon -- Richard T. Ely Lecture -- American Economic Association -- N.D.
Box 67
Publications

FF5113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #464 -- “Simulation of Large-Scale Systems by Aggregation” -- Simon -  Current Topics in Cybernetics and Systems -- 1978
FF5114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #465 -- “Simulation of Large-Scale Systems by Aggregation” -- Simon -- Sociocybernetics -  1978
FF5115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 466 -- “La Scienza del Computer come Indagine Empirica: Simboli e Ricerca” -- Simon and Newell -  Ricerche Di Psicologia  - June 1978
FF5116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #467 -- “Individual Differences in Solving Physics Problems” -- Simon and Simon -- Children’s Thinking: What Develops? -- Models of Thought -  1978, 1989
FF5117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #468 -- “On How to Decide What to Do” -- Simon -  The Bell Journal of Ecoomics 9:2 -- Autumn 1978
 
Box 67 - Continued
FF5118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #469 -- “On the Forms of Mental Representation” -- Simon -  Perception and Cognition: Issues in the Foundation of Psychology -- 1978
FF5119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #470 -- “Informationsverarbeitung und Problemlosen” -- Simon and Newell -- Die Psychologie Des 20. Jahrhunderts  -- N.D.
FF5120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #472 -- “Infomration Processing: Models of Cognition” -- Simon -- Annual Review of Psychology -- 1979
FF5121	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #473 -- “Artificial Intelligence and the University Computing Facility” -- Simon -  Proceedings of the 9th Annual Seminar for Academic Computing Services -- 1978
FF5122	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #474 -- “What the Knower Knows: Alternative Strategies for Problme-Solving Tasks” -- Simon- Human and artificial Intelligence -  1978
FF5123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #475 -- “Are We Alienated from Our Organizations?” -- Simon -- Isupalum 6:1 -- 1979
FF5124	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #476-  The Analysis of Complex Socioeconomic Systes -- Albin -- Reviewed by Simon -  Published in Journal of Comparative Economics -- 1978
FF5125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #477 -- “The Theory of Learning by Doing” -- Simon and Anzai -- Psychological Review  -- 1979
FF5126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #478 -- “A Tale of Two Protocols” -- Simon and Simon -- Cognitive Process Instruction -- 1979
FF5127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #480 -- “A Yankee from Chicago” -- Simon -  Quantitative Planning and Control  -- 1979
FF5128	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #482 -- “What is Industrial Democracy?” -- Simon -- Statsetenskaplig Tidskrift -- Challenge -- 1979, 1983
FF5129	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #483 -- “Rational Decision Making in Business Organizations” -- Simon -  The American Economic Review -  September 1979
FF5130	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #484 -- “Discussion: Fit, Finite, and Universal Axiomatization of Theories” -- Simon -  Philosophy of Science 46 -- 1979
FF5131	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #486 -- “What Kind of Place is a University?” -- Simon -- Pitt -- The Pittsburgh Undergraduate Review -  1978, 1981
FF5132	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #487 -- “Artificial Intelligence Research Strategies in the Light of Scientific Discovery” -- Simon -- Proceedings of the 6th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence -- 1979 
FF5133	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #488 -- “The Consequences of Computers for Centralization and Decentralization” -- Simon -  The Computer Age: A Twenty-Year Review -- 1979
FF5134	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #489 -- “Response at Nobel Banquet” -- Simon -- Les Prix Nobel -- December 10, 1978
FF5135	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint#490 -- “Herbert A. Simon” (Autobiographical notes) -- Les Prix Nobel -- 1978
FF5136	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #494 -- “On Parsimonious Explanations of Production Relations” -- Simon -- Scandinavian Journal of Economics  -- 1979
 
Box 67 - Continued
FF5137	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #495 -- “Herbert A. Simon” (Autobiography) -- Simon -  A History of Psychology In Autobiography VII -  1980
FF5138	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #496 -- “The Meaning of Causal Ordereing” -- Simon -  Qualitative and Quantitative Social Research -- 1980
FF5139	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #497 -- “How to Win at Twenty Questions with Nature” -- Simon -  Perception and Production of Fluent Speech -- Models of Thougth -- 1980
FF5140	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #498 -- “Problem Solvin and Education” -- Simon -  Problem Solving and Education: Issues in Teaching and Research -- 1980
FF5141	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #499 -- “Keynote Address” -- Simon -  Proceedings of the 4th Annual Artificial Intelligence in Medicine Workship -- June 1978
FF5142	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #500 -- “Cognitive Science: The Newest Science of the Artificial” -- Simon -  Cognitive Science 4 -  1980
FF5143	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #501 -- “Grenzen der Rationalitat in Entscheidungsprozessen” -- Simon -- Journal Fur Betriebswirtschaft -- 1980
FF5144	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #502 -- “Verbal Reports as Data” -- Simon and Ericsson -- Psychological Review 87:3 -- May 1980
FF5145	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #503 -- “Expert and Novice Performance in Solving Physics Problems” -- Simon, Larkin, McDermott and D.P. Simon -  Science 208 -- June 20, 1980
FF5146	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #504 -- “The Behavioral and Social Sciences” -- Simon -  Science 209 -- July 4, 1980
FF5147	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #505 -- “Technology: Source of Opportunity and Constraint in Design” -- Simon -- D.A.A. Journal -- 1980
FF5148	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #506 -- “Commentary on Haber’s Eidetic Imagery” -- Simon, Ericsson and Chase -  The Behavioral and Brain Sciences -- 1979
FF5149	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #507 -- “Information-Processing Explanations of Understanding’ -- Simon -- The Nature of Thought: Essays in Honor of D.O. Herb -- 1980
FF5150	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #508 -- BACON.4 The Discovery of Intrinsic Properties” -- Simon, Bradshaw and Langley -- Proceedings of the 3rd National Confernce of the Canadian Society for Compuatational Studies of Intelligence -- 1980
FF5151	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #509 -- “Behavioral Research: Theory and Public Policy” -- Simon -- Institute for Social Research -- 1980
FF5152	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #510 -- “Testimony at the National Science Foundaton Hearings” -- Simon -  Items 34:1  - March 1980  
FF5153	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #511 -- “”Wie Losen Wir Schlect-Strukurierte Probleme?” -- Simon -- Die Betriebswirtschaft -- 1980
FF5154	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #512 -- “Models of Competence in Solving Physics Problems” -- Simon, Larkin, McDermott and D.P. Simon -- Cognitive Science 4 -- 1980
FF5155	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #513 -- “Computers-Non-Numerical Computation” -- Simon -- Proceedings of the National Academy of Science USA -- November 1980
 
Box 67 - Continued
FF5156	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #517 -- “The Central Role of Learning in Cognition” -- Simon and Langley -- Cognitive Skills and Their Acquisition -- Models of Thought -- 1981
FF5157	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #518 -- “Studying Human Intelligence by Creating Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon -- American Scientist 69:3- May-June 1981
FF5158	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #519 -- “Lessons for AI from Human Problem Solving” -- Simon -  Computer Science Research Review -  Journal of Dialectics of Nature  -- 1979-1981
FF5159	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #520 -- “Manajumento to Seisansei’ (“Management and Productivity”) -- Simon -  Organizational Science -- 1980
FF5160	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #521 -- “Scientific Discovery as Problem Solving” -- Simon, Langley and Bradshaw -- Synthese 47 -- 1981
FF5161	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #522 -- Foundations of Decision Support Systems -  Bonczek -- Foreword by Simon -- 1981
FF5162	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Reprint #523 -- “Sorces of Evidence on Cognition: A Historical Overview’ -- Simon and Ericsson -- Cognitive Assessment --  1981
FF5163	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #524-525 -- “Cognitions Information Process Model” -- Simon -  Information or Psychological Sciences -- 1981
FF5164	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #526 -- “Is Thinking Uniquely Human?” -- Simon -- University of Chicago Magazine -- Fall 1981
FF5165	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #529 -- “Prometheus or Pandora: The Influence of Automation on Society” -- Simon -- Computer 14 -- Natuur en Techniek 50:2 -- Bild Ber Wissenschaft -- 1981-1982
FF5166	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #531 -- “BACON.5: The Discovery of Conservation Laws” -- Simon, Langley, and Bradshaw -- Proceedings of the 7th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence -- 1981
FF5167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #533 -- “Otto Selz and Information-Processing Psychology” -- Simon -- Otto Selz: His Contribution to Psychology -- 1981
FF5168	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #534 -- “Research Goals for Cognitive Psychology” -- Simon -- Proceedings of the 22nd International Congress of Psychology -- 1980
FF5169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #525 -- “On the Alienation of Workers and Mangagement” -- Simon -- The Zucker Lecture,  1978 -- 1981
FF5170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #537 -- “Unity of the Arts and Sciences: The Psychology of Thought and Discovery” -- Simon -- Bulletin of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences  - March 1982
FF5171	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #538 -- “Blir Datorn Manskig” -- Simon -- Kalla -- 1981-1982
FF5172	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #540 -- “Are Social Problems Problems that Social Science can Solve?” -- Simon -  The Social Sciences: Their Nature and Uses -- 1982  
FF5173	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #542 -- “Cognitive Processes of Experts and Novices” -- Chaiers De La Fondation Archives Jean Peaget  -  June 1982
 
Box 67 - Continued
FF5174	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #544 -- “Affect nad Cognition: Comments” -- Simon -- Affect and Cognition -- 1982
FF5175	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #545 -- “Learning Though Growth of Skill in Mental Modeling” -- Simon and Larkin -- Proceedings of the 3rd Annual Confernce of the Cognitive Science Society -- Models of Thought II -- 1981
FF5176	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #548 -- “Accurate Predictions and Fixed Point Theorems: Comments” -- Simon -- Social Science Information -- 1982
FF5177	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #549 -- “Election Predictions: Reply” -- Simon -- Inquiry -- N.D.
FF5178	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #550  - “The Rural-Urban Population Balance Again” -- Simon -  Regional Science and Urban Economics -- 1982 
FF5179	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #551 -- “Liberal Education in a Technological Society” -- Simon -- Focus 6:7 -- April 5, 1977 
FF5180	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #552 -- “Why Should Machines Learn?” -- Simon -- Machine Learning, an Artificial Approach -- 1983
FF5181	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #553 -- “Rediscovering Chemistry with the BACON System” -- Simon, Langley and Bradshaw -- Machine Learning, An Artificial Approach -- 1983
FF5182	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #554 -- “Programs in Public Policy: Issues in Organizational Design” -- Simon and Crecine -- The New Educational Programs in Public Policy: The First Decade¬- 1982
FF5183	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #556 -- “Data-Driven and Exectation-Driven Discovery of Emperical Laws” -- Simon, Langley, and Bradshaw -- Proceedings of the 4th National Conference of the Canadian Society for Computational Studies of Intelligence -- 1982
FF5184	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #557 -- “Search and Reasoining in Problem Solving” -- Simon -- Artificial Intelligence -- 1983
FF5185	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #558 -- “The Behavioral Approach: With Emphasis on Economics” -- Simon and Cyert -- Behavioral Science 25 -- 1983
FF5186	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #560 -- “Discovery, Invention, and Development: Human Creative Thinking” -- Simon -- Proceedings of the National Academy of Science, USA  - June 1983
FF5187	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #561 -- “Mechanisms for Qualitative and Quantiative Discovery’ -- Simon, Langley, Zytkow and Bradshaw -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF5188	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #562 -- “Mathematical Modeling of Electron Preditions: Final Reply to Professor Aubert” -- Simon -- Inquiry -- N.D.
FF5189	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #563 -- “Fitness Requirements for Scientific Theory” -- Simon -- British Journal of the Philosophy of Science 34  -- 1983
FF5190	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #564 -- “Studying Scientific Discovery by Comuter Simulation” -- Simon, Bradshaw, and Langley -  Science 222:4627 -- December 2, 1983
FF5191	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #565 -- “The Computer Age” -- Simon -- Conference on Research on Computers in Education -- November 20, 1982
 
Box 67 - Continued
FF5192	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #567 -- “Mutual Deterrence or Nuclear Suicide” -- Simon -  Science 223:4638 -- 1984
FF5193	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #569 -- “Computers in Education: Realizing the Potential” -- Simon -- American Education -- 1983

Box 68
Publications

FF5194	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #570 -- “Commentary” -- Simon -- Advances in Information Processing in Organizations 1 -  1984
FF5195	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #571 -- “Harold Cohen’s Computer Drawins: Comments on Computer Ar” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF5196	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #572 --On the Behavioral and Rational Foundations o Economic Dynamics” -- Simon -- The Dynamics of Market Economics -- 1986
FF5197	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #574 -- “A Model of Early Chemical Reasoning” -- Simon, Zytkow, and Langley -- Proceedings of the 6th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society -- 1984
FF5198	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #575 -- “Zuzhi Gaige Tishu (The Art of Organizational Reform)” -- Simon Modernization 5 -- 1983
FF5199	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #577 -- “STM Capacity for Chinese Words and Phrases under Simultaneous Presentations” -- Simon, Yu and Jing -- Modernizations 5 -- N.D.
FF5200	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #578 -- “STM Capacity for Chinese Words and Idioms with Visual and Audotory Presentations” -- Simon, Zhang, and Peng -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF5201	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #579 -- “Computer Modeling of Scientific and Mathematical Discovery Processes” -- Bulletin of the American Mathematical Society 2:2 -- October 1984
FF5202	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #580 -- “Scientific Literacy as a Goal in a High-Technology Society” -- Simon -- The Tanner Lectures on Human Values -- November 11, 1983
FF5203	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #581 -- “Les Nouvelles Sciences: Comprendre Les Sciences de L’Artificiel”  - Simon -- Les Debats De L’Afcet  - February 6, 1984
FF5204	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #582 -- “EPAM-Like Models of Recognition and Learning -- Simon and Feigenbaum -- Cognitive Science 8 -- Models of Thought -- 1984, 1989
FF5205	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #584 -- “Les Modeles Individuels de Comportement: de Leconomie a L’intelligence Artificielle” -- Simon -- Le Pont -- November 1984
FF5206	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #586 -- “Cohabiting the Planet with Comuters” -- Simon -- Cohabiting With Computers  -- 1985 
 
Box 68 - Continued 
FF5207	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #587 -- “My Life Philosphy” -- Simon -  The American Economist 29:1 -- Eminent Economists: Their Life Philosophies -- 1985, 1991
FF5208	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #588 -- Obituary -- “William G. Chase ( 1940-1983)” -- Simon -- American Psychologist 40:5 -- May 1985
FF5209	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #589 -- “Letter to Mark J. Stefik” -- Simon -- Artificial Intelligence 26 -- 1985
FF5210	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #590 -- “Protocol Analysis’ -- Simon and Ericsson -- Handbook of Discourse Analysis Vol 2, Dimensions of Discourse -- 1985
FF5211	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #591 -- ‘Human Nature in Politics: The Dialogue of Psychology with Political Science” -- Simon -- The American Political Science Review  -- 1985
FF5212	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #592 -- “Maintaining the Peace” -- Simon -- Theories, Models and Simulations in International Relations -- 1985
FF5213	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #593 -- “Why Are some Problems Hard? Evidence from Tower of Hanoi” -- Simon, Kotovsky, and Hayes -- Cognitive Psychology 17 -- 1985
FF5214	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #594 -- “Artificial Intelligence: Current Astatus and Future Potential” -- Simon -- The Charles H. Davis Lecture Series -- 1985
FF5215	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #595 -- “Using Cognitive Science to Solve Human Problems” -- Simon -- Science and Public Policy Seminars -- 1985
FF5216	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #596 -- “STM Capacity for Chinese Words and Idioms: Chunking and Acoustical Loop Hypotheses” -- Simon -- Science and Public Policy Seminars -- 1985
FF5217	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #597 -- “STM Capacity for Chinese and English Language Materials’ -- Yu, Zhnang, Jing, Peng, Zhang and Simon -- Memory and Cognition 13 -- 1985
FF5218	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #598 -- “Quantification of Theoretical Terms and the Falsifiablity of Theories” -- Simon -- British Journal of the Philosophy of Science 36 -- 1985
FF5219	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #599 -- “Artificial Intelligence Approaches to Problem Solving and Clinical Diagnosis” -- Simon -- Logic of Discovery and Diagnosis in Medicine  -- 1985
FF5220	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #601 -- “What We Know about the Creative Process’ -- Simon -- Frontiers in Creative and Innovative Management -- 1985
FF5221	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #604 -- “Letter to the Editor” -- Simon -  The Mathematical Intelligencer 8:1 -- 1986
FF5222	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #605 -- “Information Processing Language V on the IBM 650” -- Simon and Newell -- Annals of the History of Computing 8:1 -- January 1986  
FF5223	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #606 -- “The Search for Regularity” -- Simon, Langley, Zytkow, and Bradshaw -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF5224	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #607 -- “Some Computer Models of Human Learning” -- Simon -- How We Know -- N.D.
 
Box 68 - Continued
FF5225	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #608 -- “Understanding the Processes of Science: The Psychology of Scienctific Discovery” -- Simon -- Progress in Sciences and its Social Conditions -- N.D.
FF5226	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #609 -- “The Intellectual Open Door” -- Simon -- China Exchange News 14:1 -- March 1986
FF5227	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #611 -- “This Week’s Citation Classic’ --Simon -- Current Contents 40 -- October 1, 1979
FF5228	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #612 -- “A Theory of Historical Discovery: The construction of Componential Models” -- Simon and Zytkow -- Machine Learning -- 1986
FF5229	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #614 -- Japa’s Emerging Multinationals -- Takamiya and Thurley, eds. -- Foreword by Simon -- 1985
FF5230	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #615 -- “STM Capacity for Chinese Characters and Phrases” -- Simon -- ACTA Psychologia Sinica -- 1986
FF5231	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #616 -- “The Role of Attention in Cognition” -- Sion -- The Brain, Cogniiton and Educaiton -- 1986
FF5232	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #617 -- “Report of the Research Briefing Panel on Decision Making and Problem Solving” -- Simon, et al -- Research Briefings 1986 -- 1986
FF5233	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #618 -- Corporate Capital Investment: A Behavioral Approach -- Bromiley -- Forward by Simon -- 1986
FF5234	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #619 -- “Causality in Device Behavior” -- Simon and Iwasaki -- 1986 
FF5235	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #620 -- “Theories of Causal Ordering: Reply to de Kleer and Brown -- Simon and Iwasaki -- Artificial Intelligence -- 1986
FF5236	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #622 -- “Quelques Remarques Historiques sur la Science de la Cognition -- Simon -- Sciences De L’Intelligence, Sciences De L’Artificiel -- 1986
FF5237	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #624 -- “The Parameters of Human Memory” -- Simon -- Human Memory and Cognitive Capabilities -- 1986   
FF5238	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #626 -- Kexue Zhongae Jiaocna Xueke (Interdisciplinary Scienctific Research) -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- 1986
FF5239	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #627 -- “Reply to Clower and Sharefkin. (Reply to their Comments on #572, ‘On the Behavioral and Rational Foundations of Economic Dynamics)’” -- Simon -- The Dynamics of Market Economics -- 1986
FF5240	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #628 -- Psychologie, Intelligence Artificielle, et Automatique -- Bonnet, Hoc, and Tiberghien -- Preface by Simon -- 1986
FF5241	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #629 -- “Whether Software Engineering  Needs to be Artificially Intellligent” -- Simon -- IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering -- July 1986
FF5242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #630 -- “The Failure of Armchair Economics” -- Simon -- Challenge -- November-December 1986
FF5243	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #631 -- “Rationality in Psychology and Economics” -- Simon -- Journal of Business 59:4 -- 1986
 
Box 68 - Continued
FF5244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #632 -- “Interview with Herbert A. Simon” -- Van den Herik -- Computerschaak, Schaakweeld en Kunsmatige Intelligentie -- February 1982
FF5245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #634 -- “The Impact of Electronic Communications on Organizations” -- Simon --Organizing Industrial Development -- 1986
FF5246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #636 -- “Is Scientific Discovery a Topic in the Philosophy of Science?” -- Simon -- Scientific Inquiry in Philosophical Perspective -- 1987
FF5247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #638 -- “Artificial Intelligence I” -- Simon -- Concise Encyclopedia of Psychology -- 1987
FF5248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #639 -- “Charles E. Merriam and the ‘Chicago School’ of Political Science” -- Simon -- The Edmund Jones James Lecture -- October 10, 1985
FF5249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #640 -- “Making Management Decisions: The Role of Intuition and Emotion” -- Simon -- Academy of Management Executive -- GDI Impulse -- 1987-1988
FF5250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #641 -- “Why a Diagram is (Sometimes) Worth Ten Thousand Words” -- Simon and Larkin -- Cognitive Science -- 1987
FF5251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #642 -- “Cosi parlo Herbert Simon” -- Simon -- Industia Oggi -- 1987
FF5252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #643 -- “Giving the Soft Sciences the Hard Sell” -- Simon -- The Globe -- N.D.
FF5253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #644 -- Encyclopedia of Artificial Intelligence 1 -- Shapiro, ed. -- Guest Forward by Simon -- 1987
FF5254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #645 -- “The Information Processing Explanaiton of Gestalt Phenomena” -- Simon -- Computers in Human Behavior -- 1986
FF5255	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #647 -- “Reflections on the Tenth Turing Award Lecture: Computer Science as Empirical Inquiry-Symbols and Search” -- Simon and Newell -- ACM Turing Award Lectures: The First Twenty Years -- 1987
FF5256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #648 -- “Two Heads are Better than One: The Collaboration between AI and OR” -- Simon -- Inerfaces 17 -- July-August 1987
FF5257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #649 -- Discovery Casual Structure -- Glymour, et al. eds. -- Foreword by Simon -- 1987
FF5258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #650 -- ‘Tongguo Yangli He Wenti Jiejue Jianli Chanshengshi’ -- Simon -- ACTA Psychologica Sinica -- 1987
FF5259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #651 -- “Computer and Society” -- Simon -- Computing and Change on Campus -- 1987
FF5260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #652 -- “CMU as an Anti-Entropic Organization” -- Simon -- Focus 17:2 -- October 1987
FF5261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #654 -- “The Steam Engine and the Computer: What Makes Technology Revolutionary” -- Simon -- Educom 22:1 -- 1987
FF5262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #655 -- “Heuristics for Empirical Discovery” -- Simon, Langley, and Bradshaw -- Computational Modesl of Learning -- 1987
 
Box 68 - Continued
FF5263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Reprint #656 -- “Verbal Reports on Thinking” -- Simon and Ericsson -- Introspection in Second Language Research -- 1987
FF5264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #657 -- “Behavioral Economics” -- Simon -- The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics vol 1 -- 1987
FF5265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #658 -- “Bounded Rationality” -- Simon -- The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics -- 1987  
FF5266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #659 -- “Causality in Economic Models’ -- Simon -- The Newe Palgrave Dicitonary of Economics -- Econometrics -- 1987
FF5267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #660 -- “Evans, Griffith Conrad” -- Simon -- The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics -- 1987
FF5268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #661 -- “Satisficing” -- Simon -- The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics -- 1987 
FF5269	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #663 -- “Les Apaisements de L’alternative” -- Simon and Le Moigne -- Publication Unknown -- N.D. 
FF5270	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #664 -- “Politics as Information Processing” -- Simon -- L.S.E. Quarterly -- 1987
FF5271	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #666 -- “Learning Mathematics forom Examples and by Doing” -- Simon and Zhu -- Cognition and Instruction -- 1987
FF5272	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #667 -- “Freedom and Discipline” -- Simon -- Religious Humanism 22:1 -- 1988
FF5273	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #668 -- “Normative Systems of Discovery and Logic of Search” -- Simon and Zytkow -- Synthese 74 -- 1988
FF5274	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #670-671 -- “The Emperor Still Unclad” and “Final Reply to Koblitz” -- Simon -- The Mathematical Intelligencer 10:2 -- 1988
FF5275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #672 -- “Problem Solving and Reasoning” -- Simon and Greeno -- Well-Specified Problemsi -- N.D. 
FF5276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #673 -- “The Processes of Scientific Discovery: The Strategy of Experimentation” -- Simon and Kulkarni -- Cognitive Science 12 -- 1988
FF5277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #674 -- “Replies to Weintraub and MacLane” -- Simon -- The Mathematical Intelligencer 10 -- 1988
FF5278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #675 -- “Recognizing, Thinking and Learning as Information Processes” -- Simon and Jing -- Psychologiski Zhurnal -- Proceedings of the 24th International Congress of Psychology -- Psychological Science -- 1988, 1989
FF5279	 Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #676 -- “Remembering John von Neumann” -- Simon -- OR/MS Today 15:4 -- August 1988
FF5280	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #677 -- “Progress in the Science of Research” -- Simon -- The 8th Tykociner Memorial Lecture -- March 27, 1988
FF5281	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #682 -- “Casual Ordering, Comparative Statistics, and Near Decomposability” -- Simon and Iwasaki -- Journal of Econometrics 39 -- 1988
FF5282	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #683 -- “Reply to Aubert, Todorov and Lazarus” -- Simon -- The Mathematical Intelligencer 10 -- 1988
 
Box 68 - Continued
FF5283	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #684 -- “Creativity and Motivation: A Response to Csikszentmihalyi” -- Simn -- New Ideas in Psychology 6:2 -- 1988
FF5284	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #685 -- “Prospects for Cognitive Science” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF5285	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #686 -- “The Experts in your Midst” -- Simon and Prietula -- Harvard Business Review -- January-February 1989
FF5286	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #687 -- “Managing in an Information-Rich World” -- Simon -- Computing Through Productivity and Quality -- 1988
FF5287	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #688 -- “america Must Remain the World’s University” -- Sion and Servan-Schreiber -- The Washington Post -- November 15, 1987
FF5288	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #689 -- ‘The Scinetist as a Problem Solver” -- Simon -- Complex Information Processing: Essays in Honor of Herbert A. Simon -- 1988-1989
Box 69
Publications

FF5289	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #692 -- “Prediction and Prescription in System Modeling” -- Simon -- IIASA: Perspectives and Futures --June 14-15, 1988
FF5290	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #693 -- “Komputerowy System Odkryc Naukowych STAHL” -- Simon, Zytkow, and Langley -  Zagadnienia naukoznawstwa -- 1987
FF5291	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #695 -- “Context Effects in Letter Perception: Comparison of Two Theories” -- Simon and Richman -- Psychological Reviw 96:3 -- 1989
FF5292	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #697 -- “Rule Creation and Rule Learning through Environmental Exploration” -- Simon and Shen -- Proceedings of the 11th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence -- 1989
FF5293	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #698 -- “Why Economists Disagree” -- Simon -- Journal of Business Administration 18:1 -- 1988-1989
FF5294	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #699 -- “ECHO and STAHL: On the Theory of Combustion” -- Simon -- Behavior and Brain Sciences -- September 1989
FF5295	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #700 -- “The State of Economic Science” -- Simon -- The State of Economic Science: Views of Six Nobel Laureates -- 1989
FF5296	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #701 -- “Foundations of Cognitive Science” -- Simon and Kaplan -- Foundations of Cognitive Science -- N.D.
FF5297	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #703 -- “Discussion: Progress in Philosophy” -- Simon -- Acting andReflecting -- 1990
FF5298	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #704 -- “Epistemology: Formal and Empirical” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF5299	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #705 -- “Prospects for Cognitive Science” -- Simon -- International Conference on 5th Generation Computer Systems -- November 28-December 2, 1988
FF5300	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #706 -- “Invariants of Human Behavior” -- Simon -- Annual Review of Psychology 41:1  -- 1990
 
Box 69 - Continued
FF5301	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #707 -- “Metodologiczne Podstawy Ekonomii” -- Simon -- Prakselolgia -- 1989
FF5302	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #708 -- “Herbert A. Simon Testimony on the Social Sciences: Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Technology, September 29, 1989” -- Simon -- Political Science and Politics -- March 1990
FF5303	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #709 -- “Prediction and Prescription in Systems Modeling” -- Simon -- Operations Research 38:1 -- January-February 1990
FF5304	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #710 -- “Prospect for Cognitive Science” -- Simon -- ICOT Journal -- 1989
FF5305	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #711 -- “What Makes Some Problems Really Hard: Explorations in th eProblem Space of Difficulty” -- Simon and Kotovsky -- Congitive Psychology 22 -- 1990
FF5306	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #713 -- “Testimony” -- Simon -- Hearings Before the Subcommittee on Science, Technology and Space --September 28-29, 1989
FF5307	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #714 -- “Large Organizations in Medern Societies” -- Simon -- Il Politico -- October-December 1987
FF5308	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #717 -- “Laboratory Replicatin of Scientific Discovery Processes’ -- Simon and Qin -- Cognitive Science 14 -- 1990
FF5309	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #719 -- “Semanario su ‘Il Contributo De Herbert A. Simon alle Scienze Sociali Contmporanee”’ -- Simon, et al. -- Il Politico 54:4  -- 1989
FF5310	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #720 -- “Information Technologies and Organizations” -- Simon -- The Accounting Review -- July 1990
FF5311	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #721 -- “Human Experts and Knowledge-Based systems” -- Simon -- Concepts and Characteristicsof Knowledge-Based Systems -- 1989
FF5312	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #722 -- “In Search of Insight” -- Simon and Kaplan -- Cognitive Psychology 22 -- 1990
FF5313	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #724 -- “Three Public Lectures on Cognitive Science: ‘The Processes of Human Thinking’, ‘The Nature of Economic Reality’, and ‘Understanding Creativity’” -- Simon -- Lee Kuan Yew Distinguished Visitiors Programme -- January 8-21, 1989
FF5314	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #725 -- “Tra Razionalite e Cognizione: Intervista a Herbert A. Simon” -- Simon and Campanella -- Rassegna italiana Di Sociologia 31:1  -- 1990
FF5315	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #726 -- “Optimal Probe Selection in Diagnostic Search” -- Simon, Bhandari, and Siewiorek -- IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man and Cybernetics -  September-October 1990
FF5316	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #727 -- “Discovery by Computers” -- Simon -- Strategic Directions in Computing Research -- 1990
FF5317	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #728 -- “Formulowanie, Wynajdywanie: Rozwiazywanie Problemow w Projektowaniu” -- Simon -- Projeletowanie I Systemy 12 -- 1990
 
Box 69 - Continued
FF5318	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #729 -- “Imagery and Problem Solving” -- Simon and Qin -- Proceedings of the 12th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society -- 1990
FF5319	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #730 -- “A Mechanism for Social Selection and Successful Altruism” -- Simon -- Science 250 -- December 21, 1990
FF5320	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #732 -- “Nobel Laureate Simon ‘Looks Back’: A Low-Frequency Model” -- Simon and Golembiewski -- PAQ -- Fall 1988
FF5321	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #734 -- “Congratulations to Bill Cooper” - Simon -- Bill and Ruth Cooper and Their Friends -- 1990
FF5322	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #736 -- “Mind as Machine: The Cognitive Revolution in Behavioral Science” -- Simon -- Perspectives on Behavioral Science -- 1991
FF5323	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #737 -- “Comments on the Symposium on ‘Computer Discovery and the Sociology of Scientific Knowledge’” -- Simon -- Social Studies of Science -  1991
FF5324	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #739 -- “Bounded Rationality and Organizational Learning” -- Simon -- Organization Science -- February 1991
FF5325	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #740 -- “The Mathematical Bases for Qualitative Reasoning” -- Simon, Kalagnanam and Iwasaki -- IEEE Excerpt -- April 1991
FF5326	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #741 -- “Response” -- Simon -- Science 252 -- 1991
FF5327	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #742 -- “Organizations and Markets” --Simon -- Journal of Economics Perspectives 5:2 -- Spring 1991
FF5328	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #743 -- “Problem Representation” -- Simon -- CMU Computer Science: A 25th Anniveresary Commemorative -- 1991  
FF5329	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #744 -- “Cognitive ScienceSome New Developments’ -- Simon -- ACTA Psychologica Sinica -- 1991
FF5330	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #746 -- “Nonmonotonic Reasoning and Causation: Comment” -- Simon -- Cognitive Science¬ -- 1991
FF5331	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #747 -- “Artificial Intelligence: Where Has It Been, and Where is it Going?” -- Simon -- IEE Transactons on Knowledge and Data Engineering -- June 1991
FF5332	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #748 -- “Simon Delivers Inspired Perspective on Psychology as a Successful Science” -- Simon -- APS Observer -- July 1991
FF5333	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #749 -- “Not So Stupid” -- Simon -- Scientific American -- August 1991
FF5334	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #750 -- “Problem Formulation and Alternative Generation in the Decision Making Process” -- Simon -- Progress in Decision, Utility, and Risk Theory -- 1991  
FF5335	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #751 -- “Cognitive Architectues and Rational Analysis: Comment” -- Simon -- Arcitectures for Intelligence -- 1991
FF5336	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #752 -- “Black Ravens and a White Shoe” -- Simon -- British Journal of the Philosophy of Science -- 1991
 
Box 69 - Continued
FF5337	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #753 -- “Social and Behavioral Science Programs in the National Science Foundation” --Simon -- House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology -- March 14, 1989
FF5338	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #754 -- “The Computer as a Laboratory for Epistemology” -- Simon -- Philosophy and the Computer -- 1992
FF5339	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #755 -- “Using IGB to Simoulate Human Learning from Examples and Learning by Doing” -- Simon, Qin, and Mitchell -- 5th Florida Artificial Intellignece Research Symposium -- 1992
FF5340	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #756 -- “An Operational Model of Motor Skill Diagnosis” -- Simon and Pinheiro -- Journal of Teaching in Physical Education -- 1992
FF5341	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #757 -- “Imagery and Mental Models in Problem Solving” -- Son and qin -- AAAI Spring Symposium on Reasoning with Diagrammatic Representations -- March 25-27, 1992
FF5342	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #758 -- “Effect of Mode of Data Presentation on Reasoning about Economic Markets” -- Simon and Tabachneck -- American Association for Artificial Intelligence -- 1992
FF5343	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #759 -- “Models of My Life (An Autobiography)” -- Simon -- Comptes Rendus -- N.D.
FF5344	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #760 -- “The Right Representation for Discovery: Finding the Conservation of Momentum” -- Simon and Cheng -- Machine Learning -- 1992
FF5345	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #763 -- “Alternative Representations for Cognition: Search and Reasoning” -- Simon -- Cognition: Conceptual and Methodological Issues -- 1992
FF5346	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #764 -- “Methodological Foundations of Economics” -- Simon -- Proxiologies and the Philosophy of Economics -- 1992
FF5347	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #765 -- “Discovery of Pathways in Science” -- Simon, Valdes-Perez, and Murphy -- Proceedings of the ML-92 Workshop on Machine Discovery -- July 4, 1992
FF5348	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #766 -- “the Evaluation and Reporting of Discovery Systems” -- Simon and Valdes-Perez -- Proceedings of the ML-92 Workshop on Machine Discovery -- July 4, 1992
FF5349	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #767 -- “Scientific Discovery as Problem Solving’ -- Simon -- International Studies in the Philosophy of Science 6:1 -- 1992
FF5350	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #768 -- “Scientific Discovery as Problem Solving: Reply to Critics” -- Simon -- International Studies in the Philosophy of Science 6:1 -- 1992
FF5351	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #769 -- “Directions for Qualitative Reasoning” -- Simon and Kalagnaman -- Computational Intelligence -- 1992
FF5352	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #770 -- Organization Theory: From Chester Narnard to the Present and Beyond -- Williamson, ed. -- Review by Simon -- Published in Journal of Economic Literature 30 -- September 1992
 
Box 69 - Continued
FF5353	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #771 -- “Linguistics a Natural Science?-Comment” -- Simon -- Communications for the Workshop For Scientific Linguistics -- November 11, 1992
FF5354	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #772 -- “The Game of Chess” -- Simon and Schaeffer -- Handbook of Game Theory -- 1992
FF5355	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #774 -- “Mantan Kezue Yanjiu Fangfa” -- Simon -- Journal of Kialectics of Nature -- 1992
FF5356	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #775 -- “Altruism and Economics (Social Implications)” -- Simon -- Eastern Economic Journal 18:1 -- Winter 1992
FF5357	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #776 -- “The Midday Moon” -- Simon -- Common Knowledge -- Winter 1992
FF5358	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #777 -- “What is an ‘Explanation of Behaviors?’” -- Simon -- Psychological Science 3:3  -- 1992
FF5359	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #778 -- “The State of American Political Science: Professor Lowi’s View of our Discipline” -- Simon and Lowi -- Political Science and Politics -- March 1993
FF5360	 Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #779 -- “Retrospective on ‘Causality in Device Behavior”’ -- Simon and Iwasaki -- Articficial Intelligence59 -- 1993  
FF5361	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #780 -- “Allen Newell: The Entry into Complex Information Processing” -- Simon -- Artificial Intelligence 59 -- 1993
FF5362	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #781 -- “Situated Action: A Symbolic Interpretation” -- Simon and Vera -- Cognitive Science 17 -- 1993
FF5363	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #782 -- “Situated Action: Reply to Reviewers” -- Simon and Vera -- Cognitive Science 17 -- 1993
FF5364	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #783 -- “Situated Action: Reply to William Clancey” -- Simon and Vera -- Cognitive Science 17 -- 1993
FF5365	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #786 -- “Altruism and Economics” -- Simon -- AEA Papers and Proceedings 83:2 -- N.D.

Box 70
Publications

FF5366	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #789 -- “Decision Making: Rational, Nonrational, and Irrational” -- Simon -- Educational Administration Quarterly 29:3 -- August 1993
FF5367	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #790 -- “A Very Early Expert System” -- Simon -- IEEE Annals of the History of Computing -- 1993
FF5368	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #791 -- “Imagery as Process Representation in Problem Solving” -- Simon and Qin -- Proceedings of the 14th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society -- July 29-August 1, 1992
FF5369	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #792 -- “Reply to the Letter Professor Lowi Kindly Wrote Me” -- Simon -- Political Science and Politics -- September 1993 
FF5370	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #793 -- “Satisficing” -- Simon -- The McGraw-Hill Encyclopedia of Economics -- 1993
 
Box 70 - Continued
FF5371	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #795 -- “Allen Newell (1927-1992) -- Obiturary” -- Simon -- American Psychologist 48:11 -- November 1993
FF5372	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #796 -- “The Human Mind: The Symbolic Level” -- Simon -- Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society -- 1993
FF5373	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #797 -- “Organizations Revisited” -- Smon and March -- Industrial and Corporate Change -- 1993
FF5374	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #798 -- “Adaptive Strategies in Thought Processes” -- Simon -- Scientific Contributions to General Psychology -  1993
FF5375	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #799 -- “Is International Management Different from Management?” -- Simon -- Carnegie Bosch Institute’s Stuttgart Conference -- May 1993
FF5376	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #800 -- “Fitness Requirements for Scientific Theories Containing Recursive Theoretical Terms” -- Simon and Shen -- British Journal of The Philosophy of Science 44 -- 1993
FF5377	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #801 -- Autonomous Learning from the Environment -- Shen -- Foreword by Simon -- 1994
FF5378	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #802 -- “Foreword: Papers in Honor of Chester I. Barnard” -- Simon -- International Journal of Public Administration 17:6 -- 1994
FF5379	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #803 -- “Strategy and Organizational Evolution” -- Sion -- Strategic Management Journal 14 -- 1993 
FF5380	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #804 -- “Causality and Model Abstraction” -- Simon and Iwasaki -- Artificial Intelligence 67  -- 1994
FF5381	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #805 -- Empirical Research on Organizational Decision Making -- Witte and Zimmerman, eds. -- Introduciton by Simon -- 1986
FF5382	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #806 -- Handbook of Behavioral Economics -  Gilad and Kaish, eds,. -- Preface by Simon -- 1986
FF5383	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #807 -- “The Role of Cognitive Scinece” -- Simon -- Cognitive Studies (Bulletin of the Japanese Cognitive Science Societ)  -- 1994
FF5384	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #808 -- “Reply to Touretzky and Pornerleau: Reconstruction Physical Symbol Systems” -- Simon and Vera -- Cognitive Science 18 -- 1994
FF5385	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Publications -- Reprint #809 -- The New Professor’s Handbook -- Davidson and Ambrose -- Foreword by Simon -- N.D.
FF5386	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Publications -- Reprint #810 -- “Literary Criticism: A Cognitive Approach” -- Simon -  Bridging the Gap Special Supplement to  Statnford Humanities Review 4:1 -- 1994
FF5387	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Publications -- Reprint #811 -- “Reply to Commentaries -- Literary Criticism: A Cognitive Approach” -- Simon -- Bridging the Gap Special Supplement to Stanford Humanities Review 4:1 -- 1994
 
Box 70 - Continued
FF5388	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Publications -- Reprint #815 -- La Theorie Moderne De L’Enterprise: L’Approche Institutionnelle -  Gabrie and Jacquier, eds. -- Preface by Simon -- 1994
FF5389	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #816 -- “The Bottleneck of Attention: Connecting Thought with Motivation” -- Simon -- Integrative Veiws of Motivaiton, Congition and Emotion -- 1994
FF5390	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #817 -- “Newar Decomposability and Complexity: How a Mind Resides in a Brain” -- Simon -- The Mind, The Brain, and Complex Adaptive Systems -- 1995
FF5391	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #818 -- “Scientific Model-Building as Search in Matrix Space” -- Simon, Valdes-Perez, and Zytkow -- Proceedings of the 11th National Conference on Artificial Intelligence -- 1993
FF5392	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #819 -- “Scientific Discovery and Creative Reasoning with Diagrams” -- Simon and Cheng -- The Creative Cognition Approach -- 1995
FF5393	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #820 -- “How Does an Expert Use a Graph?: A Model of Visual and Verbal Inferencing in Economics” -- Simon, Tabachneck and Leonardo -- Proceedings of the 16th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society -- 1994
FF5394	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # -- Publications -- Reprint #821 -- “Causality in Bayesian Belief Networks” -- Simon and Druzdzel -- Proceedings of the 9th Annual Conferecne on Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence -- July 9-11, 1993
FF5395	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #822 -- “Rationality in Political Behavior” -- Simon -- Political Psychology 16 -- 1995
FF5396	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #823 -- “What is a Systematic Metod of Scientific Discovery?” -- Simon -- AAAI Spring Symposium on Systematic Methods of Scientific Discovery -- March 27-29, 1995
FF5397	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #824 -- From Historiccal Case studies to Systematic Methods of Discovery -- Grasshoff and May -- Commentary by Simon -- Published in AAAI Spring Symposium on systematic Methods of Scientific Discovery -- March 27-29, 1995
FF5398	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #825 -- “Technology is not the Problem” -- Simon -- Speaking Minds: Interviews with Twenty Eminent Cognitive Scientists -- 1995
FF5399	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #826 -- “Simulation of Expert Memory Using EPAM IV” -- Simon, Richman, and Staszewski -- Psychological Review 102:2  -- 1995
FF5400	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #827 -- “On George Leland Bach” -- Simon -- Selections -- Spring 1995
FF5401	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #828 -- “Problem Forming, Problem Finding, and Problem Solving in Design” -- Simn -- Design and Systems: General Applications of Methodology -- 1995
FF5402	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #829 -- “AI is an Empirical Science” -- Simon -- The World and I  -- July 1995
 
Box 70 - Continued
FF5403	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #830 -- “Collaborative Concept Discovery Processes in a Science Domain’ -- Simon and Okada -- Proceedings of the 11th Annual Conference, Japanese Cognitive Science Society -- 1995
FF5404	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #831 -- “The Information-Processing Theory of Mind” -- Simon -- American Psychologist -- July 1995
FF5405	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #832 -- “Collaborative Discovery in a Scientific Domain” -- Simon and Okada -- Proceedings of the 17th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society -- 1995
FF5406	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #833 -- “A Computational Model of Diagram Reading and Reasoning” -- Simon, Leonardo and Tabachmeck -- Proceedings of the 17th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society -- 1995
FF5407	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #834 -- “Machine as Mind” -- Simon -- Android Epistemology -- Machines and Thought -- 1995, 1996
FF5408	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #835 -- Diagrammatic Reasoning: Computational and Cognitive Perspectives  - Glasgow, et al. eds -- Foreword by Simon -- 1995
FF5409	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #836 -- “Imagery and Mental Models” -- Simon and Qin -- Diagrammatic Reasoning: Computational and Cognitive Perspectives -- 1995
FF5410	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #837 -- In Memoriam: Lewis Anthony Dexter -- Simon and Braybrooke -- PS: Political Science and Politics -  September 1995
FF5411	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #838 -- “Machine Discovery” -- Simon -- Foundations of Science -- 1995-1996
FF5412	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #839 -- “Machine Discovery: Reply to Comments” -- Simon -- Foundation of Science -- 1995-1996
FF5413	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #840 -- “Explaining the Ineffable: AI on the Topics of Intuition, Insight and Inspiration” -- Simon -- Proceedings of the 14th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence -- 1995
FF5414	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 841 -- “Guest Editorial” -- Simon -- Public Administration Review -- September-October 1995
FF5415	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #842 -- “Models of Test Seleciton” -- Simon, Bhandari and Siewiorek -- IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics -- October 1995
FF5416	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #843 -- “The Theory of Scinetific Discovery” -- Simon -- Revolutionary changes in Understanding Man and Society -- 1995
FF5417	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #844 -- “Comment on Kagel” -- Simon -- Concepts, Theories, and Rationality in the biological Sciences  -- 1995
FF5418	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #845 -- “Interview” -- Simon and Cohen -- Psychologists on Psychology -- 1995
FF5419	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #846 -- The Psychology of Proof -  Rips -- Review by Simon -- American Scientists 83 -- November-December 1995
FF5420	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #847 -- “Artificial Intelligence: An Empirical Science” -- Simon -  Artificial Intelligence 77  -- 1995
 
Box 70 - Continued
FF5421	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #848 -- “Applications of Machine Learning and Rule Induciton” -- Simon and Langley -- Communications of the ACM - November 1995
FF5422	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 851 -- “Symmetry for AI: Symmetries for Reasoning About Physical Laws” -- Simon and Ishida -- Proceedings of the International Katachi University Symmetry Symposium -- 1994
FF5423	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #852 -- “Internal Representation and Rule Development in Object-Oriented Design” -- Simon, Kim and Lerch -- ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction -- December 1995
FF5424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #853 -- “Putting the Story Together” -- Simon -- Contemporary Psychology -- 1996
FF5425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #854 -- “The Roles of Recognition Processes and Look-Ahead Search in Time-Constrained Expert Problem Solving” -- Simon and Gobet -- Psychological Science -- January 1996
FF5426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #855 -- “Cue Recognition and Cue Elaboration in Learning from Examples’ -- Simon , Zhu, Lee and Zhu -- Proceedings of the National Academy of Science -- February 1996
FF5427	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 856 -- “Situated Learning and Educaiton” -- Simon, Anderson, and Reder -- Educational Researcher 25 -- May 1996
FF5428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #857 -- “Recall of Rapidly Presented Random Chess Positions is a Function of Skill” -- Simon and Gobet -- Psychonomic Bulletin and Review 3:2 -- 1996
FF5429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #858 -- “The Patterned Matter That is Mind” -- Simon -- Mind Matters: A Tribute to Allen Newell -- 1996
FF5430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #859 -- “Perceptual and Memory Processes in the Acquisition of Expert Performance: The EPAM Model” -- Simon, Richman, Gobet and Staszewski -- The Road to Excellence  -- 1996	
FF5431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #860 -- “Recall of Random and Distorted Chess Positions: Implications for the Theory of Expertise” -- Simon and Gobet -- Memory and Cognition 24:4 -- 1996

Box 71
Publications

FF5432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #862 --“Templates in Chess Memory: A Mechanism for Recalling Several Boards” -- Simon and Gobet -- Cognitive Pyschology 31 -- 1996
FF5433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #864 -- “Computational Theories of Cognition” -- Simon -- The Philosophy of Psychology -- 1996
FF5434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #865 -- “Une Interview de H.A. Simon” -- Simon, Thevenot and Gogatz -- Revue Francaise De Gestion --June-August 1993
FF5435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #866 -- “Scientific Approaches to the Question of Consciousness’ -- Simon -- Scientific Approaches to Consciousness -- 1997
 
Box 71 - Continued
FF5436	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #867 -- “Closing Remarks” -- Simon -- Implicit Memory and Metacognition -- 1996
FF5437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #868 -- “Alternative Representations of Instrucitonal Material” -- Simon and Tabachnek-Schijf -- Forms of Representation -- 1996 
FF5438	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #869 -- “Allen Newell, 1927-1992” -- Simon -- Biographical Memoirs -- 1997
FF5439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #870 -- “Knowledge and the Time to Attend to It or “Information 101’ --Simon -  Quality and Participation 21:4 -- 1995, 1998
FF5440	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #872 -- “Situative versus Cognitive Perspectives: Form versus Substance” -- Simon, Anderson and Roder -- “On Claims that Answer the Wrong Questions” -- Greeno -- Educational Researcher 26:1 -  January-February 1997
FF5441	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #873 -- Qualitative Simulation Modeling and Analysis -  Fishwick and Luker, eds -- Foreword by Simon -- 1991
FF5442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #874 -- “On the Possibility of Accurate Public Prediction” -- Simon -- Journal of Socio-Economics 26:2 -- 1997
FF5443	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 875 -- “Editorial Scientific Discovery and Simplicity of Method” -- Simon, Valdes-Perez, Sleeman -- Artificial Intelligence 91:2 -- 1997
FF5444	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #877 -- “AI Lessons” -- Simon and Munakata -- Communications of the ACM  - August 1997
FF5445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #879 -- “Collaborative Discovery in a Scienctific Domain” -- Simon and Okada -- Cognitive Science 21:2 -- August 1997
FF5446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #880 -- “Logic and Thought” -- Simon and Eisenstadt -- Mind and Machine -- 1997
FF5447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #881 -- “Goals, Representations, and Strategies in a Concept Attainment Task: the EPAM Model” -- Simon, Gobet, Richman and Staszewski -- The Psychology of Learning and Motivation 37 -- 1997
FF5448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #882 -- “The future of Information Systems” -- Simon -- Annals of Operation Research 71:3 -- 1997
FF5449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #883 -- “Changes of Problem Representation in Complex Tasks: Interaction among Cognitive Activities in Multiple Problem Spaces” -- Simon and Kim -- Korean Journal of Cognitive Science 8:2 -- 1997
FF5450	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #884 -- “CaMeRa: A Computatuional Model of Multiple Representations” -- Simon, Tabachnek-Schijf and Leonardo -- Cognitive Science 21:3 -- 1997
FF5451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #885 -- “Excerpts of a Letter to Ariel Rubinstein” -- Simon -- Modeling Bounded Rationality -- 1998
FF5452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #887 -- “Radical Constructivism and Cognitive Psychology” -- Simon, Anderson and Reder -- Brookings Papers on Education Policy -- N.D.
 
Box 71 - Continued
FF5453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #888 -- “Integrated Design and Process Technology” -- Simon -- Journal ofIntegrated Design and Process Science 1:1 -- September 1997
FF5454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #889 -- “Why Public Administrator?” -- Simon -- Public Administration Review 58:1 -- January --February 1998
FF5455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #890 -- “Scientific Opportunites of Learning and Intelligent Systems” -- Simon -  Proceedings of the National Science Foundation Synposium on Learning and Intelligence SystemsI -- June 1996
FF5456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #893 -- “Why Public Administration?’ -- Simon -- Journal of Public Administration Research nad Theory -- 1998
FF5457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #894 -- “Information Tidal Wave?: Expert Decision Making and the Managerial Future” -- Simon -- Monash Mt Eliza Business Review -- 1997
FF5458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #895 -- “Discovering Explanations” -- Simon -- Minds and Machines -- 1998
FF5459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #896 -- “Expert Chess Memory: Revisiting the Chunking Hypothesis” -- Simon and Gobet -- Memory 6:3 -- 1998
FF5460	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 897 -- “Allen Newell: 1927-1992”  - Simon -- IEEE Annuals of the History of Computing 20:2 -- 1998
FF5461	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 898 -- “La Logica della Scoperta: Una Critica dellle Posizioni di Petroni” -- Simon -- Sistemi Intelligenti 10:1 -- 1998
FF5462	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #899 -- “Riapusta a Viale” -- Simon -- Sistemi Intelligenti 10:1 -- April 1998
FF5463	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #900 -- “Psychology and Economics” -- Simon -- The Handbook of Economic Methodology -- 1998
FF5464	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #901 -- “Simulation” -- Simon -- The Handbook of Economic Methodology -- 1998
FF5465	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #902 -- “Economics as a Historical Science” -- Simon -- Theoria 13:32  - May 1998
FF5466	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #903 -- “Pattern Recognition Makes Search Possible: Comments on Holding” -- Simon and Gobet -- Psychological Research 61:3 -- May 1998
FF5467	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #904 -- “How to Study Thinking in Everyday Life: Contrasting Think Aloud Protocols with Descriptions and Explanations of Thinking” -- Simon and Ericsson -- Mind Culture, and Activity5:3 -- 1998
FF5468	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #905 -- “What We Know abut Learning” -- Simon -- Journal of Engineering Education 87:4 -- October 1998
FF5469	Simon, Herbert A. --  Publication -- Reprint #907 -- “The Power and Limits of Problem Solving: Status and Future Prospects of AI Application” -- Simon -- “A Conversation with Herbert Simon” -- Hann -- Cseriac Gateway 9:2 -- 1998
FF5470	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #909 -- “The Challenge to Human Uniqueness” -- Simon -- Headline News, Science Views -- 1991

 
Box 71 - Continued
FF5471	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #910 -- “Perceiving and Managing Business Risks: Differences between Enterpreneurs and Bankers” -- Simon, Sarasvathy and Lave -- Journal of Economic Behavior and Organizaiton 33 -- 1998
FF5472	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #911 -- “Production System Modeling to Reresent Individual Differences: Trade off Between Simplicity and Accuracy in Simulation of Behavior” -- Simon and Miwa -- Proceedings of Artificial Intelligence and Simulaiton of Behavior Conference -- March 1993
FF5473	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #912 -- “Human and Machine Interpretation of Expressions in Formal Systems” -- Simon and Eisenstadt -- Synthese 116 -- 1998
FF5474	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #914 -- “A Letter to a Friend in Belgrade” -- Simon -- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette -- April 4, 1999
FF5475	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #915 -- “One Person, Multiple Representations: An Analysis of a Simple, Realistic Multiple Representation Learning Task” -- Simon and Tabachneck-Schijf -- Learning with multiple Representations  -- N.D.
FF5476	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #916 -- “Allen Newell” -- Simon -- The MIT Encyclopedia of the Cognitive Sciences -- 1999
FF5477	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #917 -- “Problem Solving” -- The MIT Encyclopedia of the Cognitive Sciences -- 1999
FF5478	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #918 -- “Production Systems” -- Simon -- The MIT Encyclopedia of the Cognitive Sciences  -- 1999
FF5479	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #919 -- “The Many Shapes of Knowledge” -- Simon -- Revue D’Economie Industrielle -- 1999
FF5480	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #925 -- “Karl Duncker and Cognitive Science” -- Simon -- From Past to Future 1:2 -  May 1999
FF5481	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #926 -- “Studies of Scientific Discovery: Complementary Approaches and Convergent Findings” -- Simon and Klahr -- Psychological Bulletin 125:5 -- 1999
FF5482	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #928 -- “Coping with Compexity” -- Simon -- Entre Systemique Et Complexite -1999
FF5483	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #930 -- “Staying Competitive” -- Bromley -- “Information Technology Research” -- Simon -- Science 285 -- August -- September 1999
FF5484	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #932 -- Abstract: “The Discovery of Magnetic Induction of Current” -- Simon -- Published in History of Science Society -- 1999
FF5485	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #934 -- “A Study of How Individuals Solve Complex and Ill Structured Problems” -- Simon and Fernandes -- Policy Sciences 32 -- 1999
FF5486	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #935 -- “The Potlach between Economics and Political Science” -- Simon -- Competition and Cooperation: Conversations with Nobelists about Economics and Political Science -- 1999

 
Box 71 - Continued
FF5487	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #936 -- “Comments on Remarks of James M. Buchanan and Douglass C. North” -- Simon -- Competition and Cooperation: Conversatios with Nobelists about Economics and Political Science -- 1999
FF5488	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #937 -- “Remarks on the Methodology of Science: Discovery and Verification” -- Simon -- Competition and Cooperation: Conversations with Nobelists about Economics and Political Science -- 1999
FF5489	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 938 -- “Cognitive Modeling in Perspective” -- Simon and Wallach -- Kognitionswissenschaft 8:1 -- 1999 
FF5490	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #939 -- “Jaques Lesourne’s Contributions to Economics and to Social Sciene Generally” -- Simon -- Decision, Prospective, Auto-Organization -- N.D.
FF5491	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #940 -- Exploring Science: The Cognition and Development of Discovery Processes  - Klahr -- Foreword by Simon -- N.D.
FF5492	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #941 -- “Comment on AI’s Greatest Trends and Controversies” -- Simon -- IEEE Intelligent Systems and Their Applications 15:1 -- January-February 2000
FF5493	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #942 -- “Simulating Human Performance on the Traveling Salesman Problem” -- Simon and Best -- Proceedings of the 3Rd International Conference on Cognitive Modeling -- March 2000
FF5494	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint # 943 -- “Reply to Lassiter” -- Simon and Gobet -- “Comment on Gobet and Simon” -- Lassiter -- Psychological Science 11:2 -- March 2000
FF5495	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #944 -- “Observations on the Sciences of Science Learning” -- Simon -- Journal of Applied Developmental Psychology 21:1 -- March 2000
FF5496	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #945 -- “Bounded Rationality in Social Sciecne: Today and Tommorrow” -- Simon -- Mind and Society - 2000
FF5497	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #948 -- “Expertise Effects in Memory Recall: Comment on Vicente and Wang” -- Simon and Gobet -- Articles -  Psychological Review 107:3 -2000
FF5498	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #949 -- Barriers and Bounds to Rationality -- Albin -- Review by Simon -- Published in Structureal Change and Economic Dynamics - 2000
FF5499	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #950 -- “Perspectives on Learning, Thinkin, and Activity” -- Simon, Anderson, Greeno and Reder -- Educational Researcher 29:4 -- May 2000
FF5500	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #951 -- “UBI and the Flat Tax” -- Simon -- Boston Review 25:5 - 2000
FF5501	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #952 -- “Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon -- The Corsini Encyclopedia of Psychology and Behavioral Science - 2001
FF5502	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #954 -- “Five Seconds or Sixty? Presentation Time in Expert Memory” -- Simon and Gobet -- Cognitive Science 24:4 -- 2000
FF5503	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #955 -- “Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon -- American Psychological Association Encyclopedia Of Psychology  1 -- 2000
 
Box 72 - Continued
FF5504	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #956 -- “Allen Newell” -- Simon -- American Psychological Association Encyclopedia of Psychology - 2000
FF5505	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #957 -- “Issues of Methodology in Using Empirical Data to Test Computational Theories of Cognition” -- Simon -- “In Reply to Simon” -- Anderson -- ACT-R Workshop Proceedings -- August 5-7, 2000
FF5506	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #959 -- “Public Administration in Today’s World of Organizations and Markets” -- Simon -- Ps: Political Science and Politics - 2000
FF5507	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reprint #960 -- “The Tasks of Economics” -- Simon -- Articles in Memory of Simon -- Massarenti, Egidi, and Motterlini -- Il Sole 24ore -- 2001

Box 72
Publications

FF5508	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Abstract -- “The Effects of Provisions for Imagery through Materials and Drawings on Translating Algebra Word Problesm, Grade Seven and Nine” -- Shoecraft -  Educational Theory and Practice -- 1971
FF5509	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Academic Exchanges with China Pay Off for Decades after Students Return Home” -- Simon -- The Flint Journal -  April 25, 1984
FF5510	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Accepting Responsibility” -- Author Unknown -- The Pitt News -- September 24, 1982
FF5511	Simon, Herbert A.-- Publications -- Article -- “Accoustic Facilitation of Visual Detection’ -- Walkins and Feehrer -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 70:3 -- 1965
FF5512	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Administrative Man Faces the Quality Transformation: Comparing the Ideas of Herbert A. Simon and W. Edwards Deming” -- Little -- American Review of Public Administration 24:1 -- March 1994
FF5513	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Aggregate Production Funciotns and the Explanation of Wages: A Simulation Experiment” -- Fisher -- The Review of Economics and Statistices 53:4 -- November 1971
FF5514	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “AI Comes of Age” -- Roth -- World 3 -- 1990
FF5515	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Die Algorithmiche Beschreibung des Losungsprinzips einer Denkanforderung” -- Klix, et al. -- Zietschrift Fur Psychology 168:1-2 -- 1963
FF5516	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Allen Newell Problem Solving” -- Demarest -- CMU Focus -- March 8, 1976
FF5517	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “America Must Remain the World’s University” -- Scchreiber and simon -- The Washington Post -- November 15, 1987
FF5518	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “An Analysis of Scientific Productivity” -- Zener -- Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 59:4 -- April 1968
FF5519	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Annual Appraisal of Municipal Reports” -- Riley National Municipal Review 26:1 -- January 1937

 
Box 72 - Continued
FF5520	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “An Application of “Cloze” Technique to the Study of Aphasic Speech” -- Fillenbaum and Jones -- Journal of Abnormal and social psychology 65:3 -- 1962
FF5521	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Architektur der Komplexitat (The Architecture of Complexity)” -- Simon -- Kommunikation 2:3 -- 1967
FF5522	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Article in Chinese -  Philosophical Research -- 1988
FF5523	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Artificial Intelligence” -- Siegfred -- Dallas Morning News  - July 21, 1986
FF5524	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Artificial Intelligence Architect and the Machine that Changed Our Lives” -- Warsh -- The Washington Post -- March 20, 1991
FF5525	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Artificial Intelligence: Machinations of Thought” -- Waldrop -- Science 85 -- March 1985  
FF5526	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Artificial Intelligence and the Nature of Robotics” -- Bortz -- Robotics Age -- March-April 1983
FF5527	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Artificial Intelligence Is still in Infancy” -- Siegfried -- The Dallas Morning News -- September 7, 1986
FF5528	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Ask the Experts” -- Simon -- Scientific American Website - nd
FF5529	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Associative Memory Tree” -- Palumbo -- Psychoanalysis and Contemporary Science 2 -- 1973
FF5530	   Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Atomic Energy Limited, Dr. Simon Explains” -- Author Unknown -- Milwaukee Engineering -- August 1947
FF5531	   Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Automation -- Is It really a Threat to  the Unskilled” -- Simon -- International Management -- March 1967
FF5532	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Azioms of Newtonian Mechanics” -- Simon - nd
FF5533	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Bach to Quit as Tech Dean, Stay on as Prof” -- Stein -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- January 17, 1961
FF5534	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Basic Framework of H.A Simon’s Concepts of Organizations” -- Inagawa -- The Bulletin of the Institute of Social Sciences 3:1 -- 1979
FF5535	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Behavioral Model of Rational Choice” -- Simon -- The Quarterly Journal of Economics 69 -- February 1955
FF5536	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Behavioral Theory of the Firm: A Review Article” -- Devine -- Journal of Accounting Research 2:2 -- Correspondence -- 1964
FF5537	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Bilgisayar Yaraticiligi” -- Dalgic -- Bilim-Teknik -- August 1981
FF5538	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Booby Prize” -- Samuelson -- The New Republic -- December 3, 1990
FF5539	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Books by Members: Thinking Machines” -- Author Unknown -- American Philosophical Society News -- June 1991
 
Box 72 - Continued
FF5540	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Bookshelf for Management’s Modern Era” -- Author Unknown -- Business Week -- April 2, 1960
FF5541	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Boss’s New Clothes” -- Sennett -- The New York Review -- February 22, 1979
FF5542	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Brains at Work” -- Kolata -- The New York Times -- January 6, 1991
FF5543	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Brains Behind Artificial Intelligence” --Author Unknown -- Fortune -- June 10, 1985
FF5544	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Brainwashing Can’t Work: Control of Mind Meet Told” -- Author Unknown -  Oakland Tribune -- January 30, 1961
FF5545	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Briton Checkmates Computer at CMU” -- Rosensweet -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- April 2, 1977
FF5546	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Business and a Behavioral Tradition’ -- Minkes -- Published by University of Birmingham -- January 1973
FF5547	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Business Computers Get Smart” -- Keefer -- The Register-Guard -- N.D.
FF5548	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Business Schools: Man and Machine at Carnegie Tech” -- Author Unknown -- Time -- April 3, 1964
FF5549	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Byrd Says Senate Will Defeat Measure for Balanced Budget” -- Clymer -- The New York Times -- June 3, 1992
FF5550	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- ‘Calif. Prof. Winns Nobel in Economics” -- Mann -- Post-Gazette -- October 18, 1983
FF5551	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article - “Can a Cabbage Head Dig Its Own Irrigation Ditch?” -- Pierce -- Pittsbrugh Post Gazette -- November 24, 1965
FF5552	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Can a Computer ever Be Anything but Alien, Cold and Unaware Inside?” -- Waldrop --  March 22, 1987
FF5553	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Cash Award for Math Programs is Announced” -- Softtalk -- April 1984
FF5554	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Publications -- Article -- “Causal Ordering and Theoretical Nature of Models, The C-Equivalance” -- Filippi -- Revisita Di Politica Economica 16 -- 1982
FF5555	Simon, Herbert A.  -- Publications -- Article -- “Causality and Action” -- Tuomela -- Foundational Problems in the Special Sciences -- 1977
FF5556	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Causes and Deductive Explanations” -- Tuomela -- D. Reidel Publishing Co. -- Reprint -- 1976
FF5557	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The 3 Challenges in Modern Management -- Innovation, Intergration and Internationalization” -- Author Unknown -- Management in Japan 3:1 -- 1969
FF5558	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Checking Response to Municipal Publicity” -- Beyle -- Public Management 18 -- June 1936
FF5559	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Chinese Academy Picks Simon” -- Author Unknown -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- June 23, 1994
FF5560	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Chess Series’ Next Move Ohio” -- Author Unknown -- The Pittsburgh Press -- January 30, 1963

 
Box 72 - Continued
FF5561	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publication  -- Article -- Chinese Language Articles -- Author Unknown -- 1983, 1986
FF5562	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Chinese Language Articles- Tien Zhen -- Journal of Jianghan University -- 1989
FF5563	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Clever Computers” -- Author Unknown -- The Economist -- June 20, 1987
FF5564	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Clink, Clank, Think” -- Garber -- Chess Life -- February 1964
FF5565	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “CMU Duo Ignited Computer Revolution” -- Frazer -- The Pittsburgh Press -- September 23, 1990
FF5566	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “CMU Greets Fresh Parents” -- The Tartan -- November 7, 1978
FF5567	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “CMU Prof Wins Novel in Economics” -- Pierce -  Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- October 17, 1978
FF5568	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- CMU Professor Norman Chigier -- Author Unknown -- Omni -- September 1983
FF5569	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “CMU Turns Computer into Discoverer” -- Pierce -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- December 16, 1981
FF5570	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Cogito, Ergo Something” -- Author Unknown -- The Economist -- 1992
FF5571	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “College Book Publishing Prizes Go to Harvard, MIT, Umass” -- Kenny -- Boston Globe -- 1969
FF5572	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “College Teachers, The New Leisure Class” -- Maeroff -- The Wall Street Journal -- September 13, 1993
FF5573	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Colloquio Col Nobel Herbert Simon, Computer Come Scienziato” -- Gallino -  La Stampa -- October 12, 1988
FF5574	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Comments on the Theory of Organizations” -- The American Political Science Review 46:4 -- December 1952
FF5575	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Las Computadoras son Maquinas que Piensan’ -- Author Unknown -- Pauta 3:7 -- 1974
FF5576	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computer Almost Thinks Like Man, Conclave Told” -- Author Unknown -- Oakland Tribune -- January 31, 1961
FF5577	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computer als Berater” -- Interview with simon -- Europa -- March-April 1992
FF5578	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computer: Big Machine on Campus” -- Pothier -- The Philadelphia Inquirer -- September 25, 1983
FF5579	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computer Economist from the Midwest” -- Author Unknown -- Duquesne Light Company Promotional Brochure -- 1979
FF5580	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computer Center Opens at Columbia University” -- Dowd -- The New York Times -- October 12, 1983
FF5581	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computer Distance No Problem for Electronic Pals” -- Author Unknown -- Los Angeles Times -- September 21, 1983
FF5582	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computer Enters University Educaiton” -- English Translation -- Author Unknown -- Dagong Bao -- April 4, 1983
 
Box 72 - Continued
FF5583	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computer Intelligence: Unlimited and Untapped” -- Staples -- Creative Computing -- August 1983
FF5584	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computer Learning Lab” -- Author Unknown -- Pittsburgh Newspaper - nd
FF5585	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Computer Society, Science: The Numbers Game” -- Author Unknown -- Time -- February 20, 1978
FF5586	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Computer-Teaching Poet to Speak” -- Author Unknown -- The University of Toronto’s VARSITY -- October 26, 1966
FF5587	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computer’s Ability against Chess Champion Has Surprised and Intrigued” -- “A Mean Chess-Playing Computer Tears at the Meaning of Thought” -- Weber -- The New York Times -- February 1996
FF5588	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computers Can Think, Expert Says” -- Bridgen -- The Whig Standard -- April 1, 1992
FF5589	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computers Go Porbing the Human Mind” -- Perlman -- San Fransisco Chronicle -- January 31, 1961
FF5590	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computers: Imitate People” -- Author Unknown -  Science Newsletter 79 -- April 1, 1961
FF5591	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computers Learning More Language Skills” -- Siegfried -- The Dallas Morning News -- July 21, 1986
FF5592	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computers: Non-Numerical Computation” -- Simon -- Proceedings of the National Academy of Science 77:11 -- November 1980
FF5593	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computers: Not so Big a Deal” -- Horn -- Psychology Today -- December 1985
FF5594	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computers that think Are Almost Here” -- Port -- Business Week -- Memoranda -- July 17, 1995
FF5595	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computers that Think Like Human Experts” -- Author Unknown -- Business Week -- July 6, 1981
FF5596	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computers Will Soon Out-Think People” -- Balfour -- National Enquirer 48:2 -- September 9, 1973
FF5597	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Das Computerspiel des Professor Klix -- Roese -- Zeit -- May 1968
FF5598	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computings a Machine’s World View” -- Peterson -- Science News -- N.D.
FF5599	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computing Seminar Sees Machines doing More” -- MacPherson -- The New Jersey Star Ledger - nd
FF5600	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Connectance of Large Dynamic (Cybernetic) Systems” -- Gardner and Ashby -- Nature 228 -- November 21, 1970
FF5601	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Conversation with Herbert A. Simon: We’ve got to Find a Way to Live with Computers” -- Authro Unknown -- U.S. News and World Report -- 1982
FF5602	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Conversation of a Local Technical School into a Distinguished International Research University” -- Warner -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
 
Box 72 - Continued
FF5603	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Cost Accounting for Governmental Activities” -- Moe -- Public Management -- October 1929
FF5604	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Cost Accounting in Public Works” -- Donner, et al -- Public Management -- March 1933
FF5605	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Cost Control in County Hospitals” -- Pierce -- Tax Digest -- August 1932
FF5606	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “’Crash’ Science Course in U.S. Urged” -- Davis -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- September 14, 1983
FF5607	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- ‘Creativity -- ‘It’s Hard Work’” -- Hostetler -- Intelligencer Journal -- June 23, 1984
FF5608	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Critique on H.A. Simon’s Administrative Behavior Theory” -- Peng -- Public Administration Quarterly -- Summer 1992
FF5609	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Crowd Psychology and the Stock Market” -- Vartan -- The New York Times -- January 30, 1977
FF5610	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Cybele and Her Cult in Andrea Mantegna’s the Triumph of Caesar” -- Balas -- Gazette Des Beaux-Arts -- January 1990
FF5611	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Day of Pomp: U. of C. Awards 596 Degrees” -- Hughes -- Chicago Tribune -- June 13, 1964
FF5612	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Decision Making” -- March -- Industrial Research -- Spring 1959
FF5613	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Decisions, Decisions” -- Emmerman -- Chicago Tribune -  April 10, 1987
FF5614	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Deep-Sea Creatures Inspire Lens for People” -- Author Unknown -- USA Today -- Ocotober 6, 1983
FF5615	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “deep-Thought A Winnner over Scottish Chessmaster” -- Pellegrini -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- December 15, 1989
FF5616	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Dental Health Capacity: It’s Evaluation and Prediction” -- Jensen -- The Journal of American Dental Association 27 -- July 1940
FF5617	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A ‘Diabolical Mind’ Responds on Political Science” -- Simon -- The Chronical of Higher Education -- Response -- January 15, 1992
FF5618	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- ‘Direct Response Gives Work of Artis Conviction Impact” -- Bruner -- Toledo Blade  - October 17, 1978
FF5619	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Discipline Seeks to Grasp The Fleeting Silicon Logician” -- Lipkin -- Insight -- February 15, 1988
FF5620	Simon, Herbert A. -- Article -- “Dismisses Idea that computers Cut Employment” -- Anderson -- Ontario Newspaper -- October 1966
FF5621	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Dorothea Simon Listens in on Minds” -- Herron -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- 1978
FF5622	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Dr. Simon Discusses Progress of AI” -- Freiherr -- Research Resources Reporter -- September 1978
 
Box 72 - Continued
FF5623	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Dr. Simon’s Letter to the Director of the Institute of Psychology of the Soviet Academy of  Sciences” -- Simon -- Carnegie Mellon Alumni News 64:2 -- June 1980
FF5624	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Economia Scienza Inesatta” -- Author Unknown -- Fiat Quadre 17:2 -- English Translation -- December 1988
FF5625	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- “Economic Competition no Cure all for World’s Problems” -- Long -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF5626	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Economist: Jobs Safe from Robots” -- Author Unknown -- USA Today -- October 27, 1982
FF5627	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Economist Simon Says: Emotion is Bad Business” -- Truehart -- USA Today -- October 4, 1983
FF5628	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Economy’s Scouts” -- Silberman and Parker -- Fortune  -- December 1955
FF5629	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Educator Speaks to Area Industrialists, Leaders…Technology’s Benefits Cited” -- Author Unknown -- Youngstown Indicator -- April 21, 1972
FF5630	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Edward Feigenbaum: Probing the Potential of Artificial Intelligence” -- Holing -- APS Observer 5:5 -- October 1983
FF5631	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Effect of Presentation Rate, Subsitution, and Mode of Response in Paired Associate Learning” -- Gregg, Chenzoff and Laughery -- The American Journal of Psychology -- Paper -- 1963
FF5632	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Effect of Television upon Voting Behavior in Iowa in the 1952 Presidential Election” -- Simon and Stern -- The American Political Science Review -- June 1955
FF5633	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Effects of Mergers and Acquisitions on Business Firm Concentration” -- Ijiri and Simon -- Journal of Political Economy 79:2 -- March-April 1971
FF5634	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Effects of Problem Uncertianity and Prior Arousal on Pre-Decisional Informaiton Search” -- Driscoll and Lanzetta -- Psycological Reports 14 -- 1964
FF5635	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Efficiency and Quality of City Governments Studied by Simon” -- Author Unknown -- Technology News (IIT) -- April 24, 1944
FF5636	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Empirical Content of Economic Rationality: A Test for a Less Developed Economy” -- Wise and Yotopoulos -- Journal of Political Economy 77:6 - November-December 1969
FF5637	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Eleanor Gibson, Allen Newell Receive National Medal of Science” -- Author Unknown -- APS Observer 5:5 -- September 1992
FF5638	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Eredoctoraat Voor Prof. Dr. H.A. Simon” -- “Eredoctor Sion over Besluitvorming in Steeds Complexere Situaties” -- Author Unknown -- Quod Novum  - November 23- December 7, 1973
FF5639	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Essays on Wittgenstein in Honour of G.H. Von Wright, Psychological Concepts and Functionalism” -- Tuomela -- ACTA Philosophica Fennica 28:1-3 -- 1976
 
Box 72 - Continued
FF5640	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Even the Machines Are Writing Western” -- Zeitlin -- Publication Unknown - nd
FF5641	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Experts Argue whether Computers Could Reason, and if They Should” --Dembart -- New York Times -- May 8, 1977
FF5642	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Factor Price Changed and Factor Substitution in and Evolutionary Model” -- Nelson and Winter -- The Bell Journal of Economics 6:2 -- Autumn 1975
FF5643	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Failure of Armchair Economics” --Interview with Simon -- Author Unknown -- Challenge -- November-December 1986
FF5644	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Famous Firsts” -- Prasad -- Business Week -- January 8, 1966
FF5645	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Federal Role in Education Policy” -- Uzzell -- Response by Simon -- Wall Street Journal -- Correspondence -- 1982
FF5646	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Fifth Generation Gap” -- Kenward -- New Scientist -- December 3, 1988
FF5647	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article- “First History Makers Award Dinner: A History Making Event” -- Author Unknown -- The Quarterly Newsletter of the Historical Society of Western Pennsylvania 1:1 -- Summer 1992
FF5648	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Flash of Genious” -- Ross -- Forbes -- November 16, 1998
FF5649	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “For the Nobelists of another Year, Some Big Mysteries of Science” -- Marcus -- The New York Times -- October 23, 1988
FF5650	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Foreign Students in America” -- Servan-Schreiber and simon -- International Hearld Tribune -- November 19, 1987
FF5651	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Former Staff Member Awarded Novel Prize” -- Author Unknown -- Icma Newsletter -- November 20, 1978
FF5652	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Further Remarks on the Causal Relation” -- Simon -- Journal of Philosophy 52:1 -- January 6, 1955
FF5653	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Gedanken uber Denkende Computer” -- Schiff -- Suddeutsche zeitung 45 -- N.D.
FF5654	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Genius Takes Time” -- Guinzberg -- Psychology Today -- September 1983
FF5655	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “George Leland Bach and the Rebirth of Graduate Management Education in the United States, 1945-1975” -- Gleason and Schlossman -- Selections -- Correspondence -- Spring 1995
FF5656	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Getting to Know the Expert System” -- Coates -- Microcasd News -- January 1991
FF5657	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Giving the Soft Scienes a Hard Sell” -- Simon -- Boston Sunday Globe -- May 3, 1987
FF5658	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Good Enough Quality: Beyond the Buzzword” -- Bach -- Computer -- August 1997
FF5659	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Got a Problem? Get with the Program” -- Lambert -- Wimington News Journal -- July 12, 1993
FF5660	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “GPS: A Program that Stimulates Human Thought” -- Newell and Simon -- Lernende Automaten -- April 13-14, 1961
 
Box 72 - Continued
FF5661	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Gray-Flannel Suit Worn Thin” -- Author Uknown -- The Pittsburgh Press -- May 1960
FF5662	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Guerilla Guide to the Computer Revolution” -- Carr -- Playboy -- May 1981
FF5663	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “De Gustibus Non Est Disputandum” -- Stigler and Becker -- The American Econoic Review 67:2 -- March 1977
FF5664	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Harvard Professor Rejected -- Science Academy Dissenion” -- Author Unknown -- San Fransisco Chronicle -- April 30, 1987
FF5665	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Hazards in Social Research” -- Britell -- The New York Times” -- September 7, 1980
FF5666	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “He Has the Nobel in Economics, But Professor Simon is more Interested in How Humans Think” -- Neuhaus  - People Weekly -- January 15, 1979
FF5667	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herb Simon: Liberal Education in a Technological Society” -- Simon -- CMU Focus 6:7 -- April 5, 1977
FF5668	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herb Simon -- Talking as One Trustee” -- “Questions, Answers” -- Simon -- CMU Focus 4:4 -- December 19, 1974
FF5669	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert A. Simon” -- Munzingar-Archiv/Internat. Biograph.Archiv -- December 2, 1978
FF5670	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert A. Simon Awarded 1978 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics: Council Board Member, 1958-71” -- Author Unknown -- Items 32:3-4 -- December 1978
FF5671	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert A. Simon -- Teorityk Organizacji” -- Dziewulak and Kowalska -- Zarzadzanie -- July 1986
FF5672	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert A. Simon’s Computer-Modelled Theory of Scientific Discovery” -- Schinagl -- IFSR Newsletter 20 -- October-November 1988
FF5673	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert Alexander Simon” -- Vulovic -- Idea -- Correspondence -- April 22, 1983
FF5674	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert Simon” -- Author Unknown -- Editorials -- Publicaiton Uknown - ND
FF5675	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert Simon” -- Sherwood -- Trojan in Government -- March 1959
FF5676	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert Simon: Decidir Entre o Optimo e o Satsifatorio” -- Malheiros and Moniz -- Expresso, Sabado -- April 23, 1988
FF5677	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert Simon: I Lund: Beslutsprocessens Psykologi” -- Author Unknown -- Ekonomen 6/76 -- June 1976
FF5678	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert Simon, Nobel laureate” -- Barrett -- Montana Business Quarterly -- Summer 1979
FF5679	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert Simon: A Portait” -- Zaslow -- Pittsburgh Magazine -- 1979
FF5680	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert Simon: The Psychology of Scientific Discovery” -- Holloway-Smith -- Bacspace -- Correspondence -- January 1988

 
Box 72 - Continued
FF5681	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Herbert Simon: Recalls Berkeley and the Birth of Administrative Behavior (Excerpts from Models of my Life)” -- Simon -- Public Affairs Report ¬-- September 1991
FF5682	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert Simon: Talks about Building Brighter ‘Beasties’” -- Bortz -- Carnegie Mellon Magazine -- Spring 1983
FF5683	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert Simon’s Economics” -- Author Unknown -- Mosaic -- May-June 1979
FF5684	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert Simon’s Simple Economics” -- Tierney -- Science 83 -- November 1983
FF5685	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “High-Tech Key: Patience, Not Profits” -- Botz -- Pittsburgh Press - ND
FF5686	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Higher Taxes that Promote Development” -- Breckenfeld -- Fortune -- Correspondence -- 1983
FF5687	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Historian Tells Milwaukee’s West Side Story” -- Boyd -- Milwaukee Sentinel -- June 24, 1981
FF5688	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Honorary Degree Citations -- Author Unknown -- Yale Alumni Magazine -- July 1963
FF5689	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “7 Honorary Degrees Awarded” -- Author Unknown -- Harvard Gazette -- June 7, 1990
FF5690	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “How Much Differene is there Between People and Machines” -- Waldrop -- Buffalo News -- November 29, 1987
FF5691	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “How the Trustees Are Different from You and Me” -- Siegel -- Tartan -- July 1963
FF5692	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “How We Know: The Inner Frontiers of Cognitive Science” -- Baissler -- The Gustavian Weekly -- October 2, 1984
FF5693	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Human Ideas from Computer” -- Strauss -- Toronto Globe Mail -- January 26, 1984
FF5694	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Human Role in New Age Backed” -- Kelly -- Pittsburgh Press -- October 27, 1982
FF5695	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Human Think Machine ‘Out’ Expert Reports”  - Author Unknown -- The Pittsburgh Press -- August 24, 1966
FF5696	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Humanists to Gather” -- Author Unknown -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- November 20, 1987
FF5697	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Humans and Robots: A Wary Alliance” -- Stone -- New York Times -- September 23, 1983
FF5698	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Hypotesenbildung und Heuristiche Techniken in Problemlosungsprozessen” -- Kirchner -- Zeitschrift Fur Psychologie 179:1 -- 1971
FF5699	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Hypothesis Generation by Machine” -- Morgan -- Artificial Intelligence 2:2 -- Fall 1971
FF5700	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “I Am a Computer” -- BRAND -- The Wall Street Journal -- June 28, 1973
FF5701	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “If US Manufacturing is to Survive” -- Cyert and Fisher -- Christian Science Monitor -- September 7, 1973
 
Box 72 - Continued
FF5702	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “In Pittsburgh: Hacking the Night Away” -- Grieves -- Time -- May 9, 1983
FF5703	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Indefinite Goals in Well-Structured Problems” -- Greeno -- Psychologicla Review 83:6 -- 1976
FF5704	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Individuals Offer Opionions on Push for Autonomous Department” -- Hendrix -- Tartan -- January 29, 1985
FF5705	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Industrial Management as a Profession” -- Simon -- Carnegie Alumnus -- March 1953
FF5706	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“La Influenza della Technologia Della Elaborazinoe delle Informazioni sul Sistema Economico” -- Simon -- Operare 23:3 -  1967
FF5707	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article - “An Informal Colloquy: Skills Teaching and the Problem of Transfer” -- Demarest -- CMU Focus -- September 9, 1977
FF5708	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Information Can be Managed” -- Simon -- Think -- December 1987
FF5709	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Information Processing, Data Inferenes, and Scientific Generalization” -- Gerwin -- Behavioral Science 19:5 --September 1974
FF5710	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Infomraiton Processing Explanation of Gestalt Phenomena” -- Simon -- Computers in Human Behaviors -- October 1987
FF5711	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Die Initiative Verstanden” -- Author Unknown -- Al. Zeit -- June 1965
FF5712	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Intelligence Reports” -- Burke -- Maclean’s Magazine -- June 15, 1987
FF5713	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Intelligent Systems” -- Author Unknown -- Data Processing -- January 1962
FF5714	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Internatinal Differences in Mathematical Achievement” -- Geary -- Current Directions in Psychological Science 5:5 -- October 1996
FF5715	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Interview: Herbert A. Simon” -- Stewart -- OMNI 6:9 -- June 1994
FF5716	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Intuition: A Manager’s Hidden Asset” -- Seal -- Strategies -- Summer 1990
FF5717	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Irrational behavior and Economic Theory” -- Becker -- The Journal of Political Economy 70:1 -- February 1962
FF5718	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Invertir en Hombres” -- Salas -- Actualidad Economica -- December 9, 1985
FF5719	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Japanese Language Article” -- Author Unknown --Publication Unknown -- Correspondence -- November 24, 1977
FF5720	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Jede Information soll Gefiltert Sein” -- Muhfenzi -- Forbes Okonomie -- 1986
 
Box 73
Publications

FF5721	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “516K Chip Developed by I.B.M.” -- Marcus -- The New York Times -- September 15, 1983
FF5722	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Kenneth Prewitt, Frederick Mosteller, and Herbert A. Simon Testify at National Science Foundations Hearings” -- Simon, et al. -- Items 34:1 -- March 1980
FF5723	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Keynote and Invited Speeches” -- Author Unknown -- Scientific Information Bulletin 14:4 -- December 1989
FF5724	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Konnen Computer Denken?” -- Fisher -- Bild Der Wissenschaft  - June 1982
FF5725	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Language and List Structure of a Compiler for Experimental Control” -- Millenson -- The Computer Journal 13:4 -- November 1970
FF5726	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Larkin to Head CDEC” -- Mesard -- The Tartan 84:6 - October 11, 1983
FF5727	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Learning Strategies by Computer” -- Anzai -- Publication Unknown - ND
FF5728	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “L’elaborazione Nell’uomo e nell Calcolatore” -- Simon and Newell -- Sapere 685 -- 1967
FF5729	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Let Others Work, Executive Urges” -- Press Clippings -- March 1958
FF5730	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Light on Deciding “ -- Author Unknown -- Business Week -- April 13, 1957
FF5731	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Limits of Social Science” -- Silk -- The New York Times -- June 23, 1982
FF5732	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Logician Shears Woolly Regulations” -- Author Unknown -- ENR  - April 13, 1980
FF5733	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “L’ordinateur Libere de ses Maitres” -- Pessis-Pasternak -- Le Mondeaujourd’hui -- April 1984
FF5734	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Making a B-School more Relevant” -- Author Unknown -- Business Week -- December 1970
FF5735	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Making up Our Minds” -- Hernstein and Mazur -  The Sciences - ND
FF5736	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Machinations of Thought” -- Waldrop -- Science 85 -- March 1985
FF5737	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Machine Closes In” -- Authro Unknown -- Time -- February 16, 1962
FF5738	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Machine Devised to Err as Humans” -- Harrison -- New York Times - nd
FF5739	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Machines that Think” -- Wellborn -- U.S. News and World Report -- December 5, 1983
FF5740	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Man Who Makes Computers Think Shares Some Input” -- Donovan -- Pittsburgh Press -- March 16, 1986

 
Box 73 - Continued
FF5741	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Management and Corporations 1985” -- Sloan -- Advanced Management -- December 1960
FF5742	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Management Conference Set at Tech” -- Author Unknown -- Publication Unknown -- N.D. 
FF5743	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Management: El Jardin de Senderos Que Se Acercan” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF5744	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Management of Sciene Explores New Avenues” -- Xiguang -- China Daily -- June 18, 1986
FF5745	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Mankind’s Magic Minds: Computer Spending Ft. Pitt Bridge and Erie Thruway Jobs, Third of Series” -- Holmberg -- The Pittsburgh Press  - April 1, 1959
FF5746	Simon, Herbert A.-- Publications -- Article -- “Mankind’s Magic Minds: Machine to Teach Carnegie Tech and Pitt Students Soon, Fourth of Series” -- Holmberg -- Pittsburgh Press -- April 2, 1959
FF5747	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Mankind’s Magic Minds: computers to Write’Perry Mason’ and ‘Gunsmoke’ Next?, Fifth of Series” -- Holmberg -- Pittsburgh Press -- April 3, 1959
FF5748	Simon, Herbert A.-- Publications -- Article -- “Mankind’s Magic Minds:Will Man Stay Ahead of Computer -- Or Be Dinosaur of Luxury, Last of Series” -- Holmberg -- The Pittsburgh Press -- April 4, 1959
FF5749	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Measurement of Expectations” -- Modigliani -- Econometrica 20:3 -- July 1952
FF5750	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Measurement Techniques in Administratie Research’ -- Simon -- Civic Affairs 8:9 -- May 1941
FF5751	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Measuring Academic Quality An Interim Report” -- Astin and Solmon -- Change -- September 1978
FF5752	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Measuring the Internal Infomration Exchange in a System” -- Ashby -- Cybernetica 1 -- 1965 
FF5753	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Mellon Endows Tech Computer Research” -- Author Unknown -- Publication Unknown - nd
FF5754	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “La Memoire Trompeuse des Scientifiques” -- Vicente and Brewer -- La Recherche 24:258 - October 1993
FF5755	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Metaphysics of Design: A Simon-Churchman ‘Debate’” -- Ulrich -- Interfaces -- April 1980
FF5756	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Mind Behind the Thinking Machine” -- Thomas -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- April 18, 1988
FF5757	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Mind of their Own” -- Witt -- Chicago Tribune Magazine -- September 21, 1986
FF5758	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Model of Short- and Long-Run Mechanisms Involved in Pressures toward Uniformity in Groups” --Simon and Guetzkow -  Psychological Review62:1 -- 1955
FF5759	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Model Verificaiton and Improvement Using Disprover” -- Siklossy and Roach -- Artificial Intelligence 6 -- 1975
 
Box 73 - Continued
FF5760	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Modeling Semantic Memory: Effects of Presenting Semantic Information in Different Modalities” -- Rosenberg and Simon -- Cognitive Psychology 9 -- Graphs -- 1977
FF5761	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Modest Proposal on Altruism” -- Morgan -- Scientific American -- March 1991
FF5762	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Most Cited Economists” -- Kelly -- The Margin -- Fall 1992
FF5763	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Motivational and Emotional Contorls of Cognition” -- Simon -- Psychological Review 74:1 -- 1967
FF5764	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Mutual Deterrence or Nuclear Suicide” -- Simon -- Science 4638:223 -- February 24, 1984
FF5765	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Mysteries of Memory” -- Squires -- Washington Post -- February 19, 1996
FF5766	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Myth of the ‘Electronic Brain’” -- Christian -- Management and Business Automation -- June 1960
FF5767	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A New Look at the Problem of Innate Ideas” -- Rescher -- Brit.J. Phil. Sci. 17:2 -- 1966
FF5768	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The New Mathematics” -- Boehm -- Fortune -  June 1958
FF5769	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “New Teaching Plan Centers in Tech Students” -- Ross -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette - nd
FF5770	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The New Uses of the Abstract” -- Boehm -- Fortune -- July 1958
FF5771	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “No, Don’t Pay off the National Debt” -- Simon -- Newsday -- August 17, 1999
FF5772	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “No More Know-It-Alls” -- Kiger -- The Pittsburgh Press -- January 20, 1985
FF5773	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Nobel Gadfly” -- Goodell -- Psychology Today  -- 1970, 1979 
FF5774	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Laureate at CMU to Get Top U.S. Honor” -- Pierce -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- March 12, 1986
FF5775	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Laureate Awarded Honorary Degree” -- Hill -- Pitt News -- May 1979
FF5776	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Laureate Herbert Simon Recieves National Medal of Science” -- Author Unknown -- Technotimes -- April 1986
FF5777	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Laureate Plays down Computer’s Impact on Society” -- Roth -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- September 19, 1984
FF5778	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Laureate Says Scientific Discovery Methods Used by Comptures” -- Parker -- The Sun -- April 16, 1986
FF5779	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Laureate Snubs Soviet over Opression” -- Pierce -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- February 29, 1980
FF5780	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Laureate to Deliver Goldhammer Lecture on Markets and Organizations” -- Author Unknown -- At Reed 5:22 -- February 21-27, 1994
 
Box 73 - Continued
FF5781	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The 1978 Nobel Prize in Ecomonics” -- March -- Science 202:24 -- November 1978
FF5782	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Prize Winner: CMU Prof. Herbert Simon Turns 75” -- Pierce -- “Simon’s Book Candid, Revealing” -- Thomas -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- June 15, 1991
FF5783	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Prize Winner Tells How Managers Really Manage” -- Simon -- Boardroom Reports  - November 30, 1978
FF5784	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Prizes: Research with an Impact” -- Author Unknown -- Science News 114:17 -- October 21, 1978
FF5785	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobelprijswinnaar in Rolls Royce” -- Author Unknown -- De Telegraaf -- April 22, 1987
FF5786	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Winner Studies Computer ‘Intuition’” -- Bishop -- Diamondback -- April 24, 1981
FF5787	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Norstad among 10 Honored by Yale” -- Author Unknown -- Publication Unknown -- 1963
FF5788	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “On the Contributions of Herbert A. Simon to Economics” -- Ando -- Scandinavian Journal of Economics -- 1979
FF5789	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “On the Contributions of Herbert A Simon to Economics” -- Baumol -- Scandinavian Journal of Economics -- 1979
FF5790	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “On the Definition of Causal Relation” -- Simon  The Journal of Philosophy 49:16 -- 195
FF5791	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “On Rational Expectations” -- Silk -- The New York Times -- November 11, 1983
FF5792	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Once Powerful Steelworkers Union Is a Casualty of Shakeout in Industry” -- Hymowitz -- The Wall Street Journal -- September 14, 1983
FF5793	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Organization of Information Processig in Problem Solving Behavior” -- Lkix nad Sydow -- International Psychology Conference Moscow -- 1966
FF5794	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Organizzazione e Direzione Aziendale, (the New Science of Management Decisions)” -- Gordon -- IPSOA -- November 1962
FF5795	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “el Patron de Manana Sera un Ordenador” -- Velverde -- EI Pais -- November 16, 1985
FF5796	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Pawn to King Four” -- Waters -- Discovery -- May 1989
FF5797	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Peak Performance: Why Records Fall” -- Goleman -- The New York Times -- October 11, 1994
FF5798	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Per Uscire dal Gregge al Cittadino Serve L’infomrazione” -- Paolazzi -- Il Sole-24Ore  - October 12, 1988
FF5799	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Philosophy, Computer’s Role in Art in Spotlight” -- Miller -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- March 1, 1978
FF5800	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article- “Physics in the Batter’s Box” -- Carey and Bruno -- Newsweek -- September 19, 1983
FF5801	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Portrait: Herbert Simon” -- Cyert -- Challenge -- September-October 1979
 
Box 73 - Continued
FF5802	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article- “The Posse Stops a Softie” -- Bowen -- Time -- May 11, 1987
FF5803	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Preschoolers’ Abilities to Recognize Counting Errors” -- Mierkiewicz, Siegler -- Publication Unknown - nd	
FF5804	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Presupposition Theory of Induction” -- Burks -- Philosophy of Science 20:3 -- July 1953
FF5805	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Problem of Temporal Order in Simulation and Perception” -- Gibson -- The Journal of Psychology 62 -- 1966
FF5806	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Processing Information for Effective Problem Solving” -- Larkin -- Engineering Education -- December 1979
FF5807	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Professor Predicts Machine Which Will Make Decisions” -- Livingston -- The Evening Bulletin  - April 28, 1960
FF5808	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article- “A Program for Learning to Play Chess” -- Pitrat -- Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence -- 1976
FF5809	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Psychologists Make a Pitch to Hillpanel” -- Bales -- APA Monitor 16:11 -- November 1985
FF5810	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article- “Psychology and Psychologists in he People’s Republic of China” -- Denmark and Wesner -- New York State Psychologist -- March 1981
FF5811	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article- “Public Administration Review: The First Fifty Years” -- Cooper -- Public Administration Review -- March-April 1990
FF5812	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Race to Build A Supercomputer” -- Marbach, et al. -- Newsweek -- July 4, 1983
FF5813	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Rational Optimist, Profile Herbert A. Simon” -- Holden -- Psychology Today -- October 1986
FF5814	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Reader Survey: How Do You Feel About Pittsburgh” -- Author Unknown -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- N.D.
FF5815	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Reading Course Teaches Pupils How to Think” -- Fiske -- The New York Times -- 1979
FF5816	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Reagan Honors 26 Scientists for Technical Achievements” -- Author Unknown -- New York Times -- March 17, 1986
FF5817	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Redifining Executive Education” -- DeMott and McCarroll -- Time Magazine I -  October 3, 1983
FF5818	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Reinventing Methodology: Who Reads It and Why” -- Hidding -- Communications of the ACM -- November 1997
FF5819	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Revolutinary Economist Speaks in VLH Tonight” -- Forsyth -- The Quest -- February 22, 1994
FF5820	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Rise of Automation Unlocks New Energies” -- Harris -- Publication Unknown - nd
FF5821	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Robot Chess Player Flop, Says Expert” -- Author Unknown -- Rochester Democrat and Chronicle -- December 11, 1959
FF5822	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Robots: Who Wants Them and Why” -- Cichowicz -- Carnegie Mellon Magazine -- Winter 1984
FF5823	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Role Model Effort Points Youngsters in Right Direction” -- Margolis -- Tribune Review -- May 15, 1994
 
Box 73 - Continued
FF5824	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Safety from Atomic Attack” -- Bolling and Dexter -- The New Leader 37:48 -- November 29, 1954
FF5825	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Saga of Bringing Up Eppy” -- Boquist -- San Fransisco Examiner  - January 31, 1961
FF5826	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Scientist Sees Possibilty for Spelling Out Human-Thought Process Laws” -- Manley -- The Oregonian -- December 7, 1986
FF5827	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Scientists Group Inserts Itself into Abortion Dispute” -- Hilts -- The Washington Post -- April 29, 1981
FF5828	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Shake-Up of Conventional Economics” -- Author Unknown -- Business Week -- June 25, 1966
FF5829	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon, Back from China, To Tell of Mao’s Science” -- Friedman -- CMU Tartan -- September 26, 1972
FF5830	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon, Co-Authors New Book, ives analysis Broader Base” -- Melling -- CMU Tartan -- May 1, 1984
FF5831	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon Compares Mind to Computer” -- Brooks -- The Emory Wheel -- October 15, 1965
FF5832	Simon, Herbert A. --Publication - Article -- “Simon Explains Teaching Pitfalls and Problems” -- Safrin -- CMU Tartan  - October 4, 1983 
FF5833	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon Lectures on Teaching” -- Corkey -- CMU Focus -- October 1983
FF5834	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon Named Tech Mellon Professor” -- Author Unknown -- Pittsburgh Press -- March 4, 1966
FF5835	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon Says: Smart Computers Must Get Smart” -- Creedy -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- June 8, 1994
FF5836	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon States New Opportunities Will Bring Change” -- Hoage -- CMU Tartan -- September 25, 1984
FF5837	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon to Give Open Lecture’ -- Author Unknown -- CMU Tartan -- March 6, 1979
FF5838	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “I Simposio International del Conocimiento Y su Ingeriera” -- Author Unknown -- UPM 10 -- 1986
FF5839	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Six Characters in Search of an Economist” -- Author Unknown -- Business Week -  February 7, 1959
FF5840	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Smarter about Intelligence” -- Lang -- Cincinnati Enquirer -- October 7, 1986
FF5841	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Sociological Perspective on Mental Retardation Practice” -- Dexter -- Mental Retardation -- Summer 1966
FF5842	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Sociology’s Long Decade in he Wilderness” -- Berger -  The New York Times -- May 28, 1989
FF5843	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Spirit of Vicente Alexandre” -- Allen -- The Chronicle Review -- October 30, 1978
FF5844	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Still Need Managers” -- Author Unknown -- Milwaukee Journal -- May 21, 1960
FF5845	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “STM Capacity for Chinese Words and Idioms: Chunking and Acoustical Loop Hypothesis” -- Zhang and Simon -- Memory and Cognition 13 -- Graphs -- 1985
 
Box 73 - Continued
FF5846	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “STM Capacity for Chinese Words and Idioms: With Visual and Auditory Presentations” -- Zhang, Peng, and Simon -- Publication Unknown -- Graphs -- 1984
FF5847	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “STM Capacit for Chinese Words and Phrases under Simultaneous Presentations” -- Yu, Jing, and Simon -- Modernizaiton 5 -- Graphs -- 1984
FF5848	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “’Strip Cities’ still Gobbling Up Land, People” -- Author Unknown -- U.S. News and World Report -- October 3, 1983
FF5849	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Study of Public Administration in the United States” -- Mackenzie -- Journal of Public Administration -- Summer 1951
FF5850	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Studies of Social Innovations in Psychology” -- Garvey and Griffit -- American Psychology 21:11 -- November 1966
FF5851	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Studying Human Intelligence by Creating Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon -- American Scientist 69:3 -- May-June 1981
FF5852	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Super Stuff” -- Author Unknown -- OMNI -- October 1983
FF5853	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Survival of Altruism Suggests Subleties of Natural Selection” -- Siegfried -- Dallas Morning News -- June 17, 1991
FF5854	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Symmetric Tests of the Hypothesis that the Mean of One Normal Population Exceeds that of Another” -- Simon -- The Annuals of Mathematical Statistics 14:2 -- June 1943
FF5855	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Teaching the Brain New Tricks” -- Welles -- Esquire -- March 1983
FF5856	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Tech Institutes New Science Systems” -- Author Unknown -- Pittsburgh Press -- May 14, 1961
FF5857	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Tech Names Associate Dean” -- Author Unknown -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- December 23, 1956
FF5858	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Tech Prof Elected to National Academy” -- Author Unknown -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- May 2, 1967
FF5859	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Tech ‘Programming’ Commputers to Create” -- Pierce -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- April 16, 1965
FF5860	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Test of Simplicity” -- Goodman -- Science -- October 31, 1968
FF5861	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Theories of Music and Musical Behavior” -- Poland -- Journal of Music Theory 4:2 -- Correspondence -- 1963, 1968
FF5862	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “There’s a Science to Science, Art -- Simon” -- Foster -- Illiniweek -- March 24, 1988
FF5863	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Thinker” -- Garner -- Chicago Tribune -- Correspondence- October 27, 1981
FF5864	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“The Thinking Machine” -- Thompson -- Pittsburgh Press -- November 30, 1958
FF5865	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publicationn -- Article -- “Thinking Machines Can Take Over the Future” -- Livingston -- San Angelo Times -- April 30, 1960
FF5866	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Three Nobel Careers” -- Sokol -- GSIA Magazine 9:2 -- Correspondence -- Winter 1992
 
Box 73 - Continued
FF5867	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The ‘Tip of the Tongue’ Phenomenon” -- Brown and McNeil -- Journal of Verbal Learning and verbal Behavior 5 -- 1966
FF5868	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Tribute for Two, Editorial” -- Gawthrop -- Public Administration Review -- January-February 1979
FF5869	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Tough Times May Reshape Academia” -- DePalma -- The Oregonian -- February 5, 1992
FF5870	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “’Tomorrow’ Spurns Pittsburgh Renewal” -- Zeitlin -- Pittsburgh Press -- N.D.
FF5871	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“The Twenty Questions Game as a Form of Problem Solving” -- Siegler -- Child Development 48 -- 1977
FF5872	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Two Suggestions for Rasey -- Reducts of Infinite Theories” -- Swijtink -- Philosophy of Science 43:4 -- 1976

Box 74
Publications

FF5873	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Uber Kognitive und Situative Bedingungen Fragestrategischen Verhaltens in Kindesalter” -- Schmidt, Stumper -- Zeitschrift fur Psychologie -- 1971
FF5874	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Unit Cost on Government” -- Stone -- The Tax Digest -- September 1931
FF5875	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “An Unusual Nobel Laureate” -- Author Unknown -- Economic Impact 2 -- 1979
FF5876	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “U.S. Urged to Rely on the Behavioral Sciences” -- Schmeck -- The New York Times -- September 3, 1968
FF5877	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “You Can Lead a Computer but Can You Make It Think” -- Dondis -- Boston Globe -- May 12, 1991
FF5878	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Versatile Desktop Partner Crunches Data, Scores Tests” -- Bales -- Monitor 17:1 -- May 12, 1991
FF5879	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “We Need to Learn How We Learn” -- Simon -- Wall Street Journal -- January 24, 1983
FF5880	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Welcome to the Centennial” -- Author Unknown -- Sigma Xi Newsletter -- December 1985
FF5881	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “West Division High - A Little Known Love Story” -- Janz -- Milwaukee Sentinel -- October 23, 1978
FF5882	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “What Are the Options? Social Determinants of Personal Research Plans” -- Ziman -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF5883	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “What Computers Mean for Man and Society -- Simon -- Science 195:4283 -- March 17, 1977
FF5884	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “What Is Computer Science?”-- Newell, Perlis, and Simon -- CMU Computer Science Research Review -- Afcet Interfaces 21 (French Translation) -- Draft -- 1967, 1984
FF5885	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “What is Industrial Democracy?” -- Simon -- Challenge 25:6 -- Correspondence -- January-February 1983
 
Box 74 - Continued
FF5886	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “What’s the Harm in Teaching Computers to Think?” -- Dembart -- Fresno Bee -- Correspondence -- 1977
FF5887	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “What Is a University?” -- Simon -- TechnoTimes -- June 1983
FF5888	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “When Love Comes to Your Computer?” -- Stein -- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette -- March 4, 1966
FF5889	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Who Is Herb Simon and How Come He Won a Nobel Prize?” -- Demarest -- Pittsburgh -- February 1979
FF5890	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Who Will Build … Supercomputer?” Author Unknown -- Reader’s Digest -- October 1983
FF5891	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Why Computers Take Up Games?” -- Author Unknown -- Business Week -- November 26, 1960
FF5892	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Why Files: Men versus Machine” -- Simon -- www.whyfiles.news.wisc.edu -- June 1997
FF5893	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Wie Sucht Man Die Losung?” -- Author Unknown -- 1995
FF5894	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Will a Large Complex System be Stable?” -- May -- Nature 238 -- August 18, 1972
FF5895	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Will Mind Machines Be Our Successors?” -- Fanning -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- March 20, 1978
FF5896	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Woodrow Wilson Foundation Book Award” -- Author Unknown -- P.S. Washington D.C. Quarterly -- Fall 1980
FF5897	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “World Renowned Scientist Discusses Automated Future with COBA Faculty, Students” -- Texas Tech Business -- Summer 1984
FF5898	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The World’s Most Enormous Haystack” -- Author Unknown -- Campus News (National University of Singapore) -- March 1989
FF5899	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “10 Years Ago” -- Forbes -- December 21, 1992
FF5900	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Zur Metrischen Erfassung von Subjektiven Problemzustanden und zu deren VeRANDerung im Denkprozes I -- Sydow -- Zeitschrift fur Psychologie 178:1-2 -- 1970
FF5901	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Zur Metrischen Erfassung von Subjektiven problemzustanden und zu deren VeRANDerung im Denkprozes II -- Sydow -- Reprint -- Zeitschrift fur Psychologie 178 3:4 -- 1970
FF5902	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article Review -- “Human Acquisition of Concepts for Sequential Patterns” -- Simon and Kotovsky -- Review by Psychological Review -- Correspondence -- 1962-1963
FF5903	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article Review -- “Pattern in Music” -- Simon and Sumner -- Kassler -- Computer Reviews -- Correspondence -- 1968
FF5904	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Bibliography -- Bibliography of Published Works 1938-1974 -- Simon -- April 1974
FF5905	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Allen Newell: 1927-1992” -- Simon -- IEEE Annals of the History of Computing -- 1998
 
Box 74 - Continued
FF5906	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Choices and Paths: A Professional Autobiography” -- Simon -- A History of Psychology in Autobiography -- Correspondence -- Draft --1977
FF5907	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Herbert A. Simon” -- Distinguished Scientific Contributions Awards -- American Psychologist -- c. 1970
FF5908	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Herbert A. Simon” -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- April 12, 1986
FF5909	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Herbert A. Simon” -- Publication Unknown -- 1977
FF5910	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Herbert A. Simon (In German)” -- Munzinger-Archiv/Int.Biograph.Archiv -- 1986
FF5911	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Prof. H.A. Simon” -- Bree -- English Translation -- Elseviers Weekblad 34:45 -- 1978
FF5912	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Professional Biography: Herbert A. Simon” -- Simon -- C. 1977
FF5913	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Preliminary Edition (Copy 1) -- 1945
FF5914	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Preliminary Edition (Copy 2) -- 1945
FF5915	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Preliminary Edition (Copy 3) -- 1945
FF5916	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Correspondence -- 1945-1947, 1957 
FF5917	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book -- Algorithms and Machine Problem Solving (In Russian) -- Trachtenbrot -- 1957
FF5918	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book -- Il Pianeta Degli Economisti -- Ravaioli -- 1992                                                                                    
FF5919	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book -- The Knowledge Revolution -- Servan-Schreiber -- Review -- 1986
FF5920	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Alternative Representations of Instructional Material” -- Tabachneck and Simon -- Forms of Representation -- Draft -- Correspondence -- 1993-1996
FF5921	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Chapter 4: The Carnegie RAND Group to 1956” -- McCorduck -- Machines Who Think -- Draft -- Correspondence -- 1975
FF5922	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Closing Remarks” -- Simon -- Implicit Memory and Metacognition -- Reder, ed. -- Correspondence -- 1994-1996
FF5923	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Cognitive Control of Perceptual Processes” -- Simon -- Social Change and Human Behavior, Mental Health Changes of the Seventies -- Coelho and Rubinstein, eds. -- 1972
FF5924	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Cognitive Processes in Solving Algebra Word Problems” -- Paige and Simon -- Problem Solving: Research, Method, and Theory -- Kleinmuntz, ed. -- 1966
 
Box 74 - Continued
FF5925	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Computational Theories of Cognition” -- Simon -- Psychology and Philosophy -- O’Donohue and Kitchener, eds. -- Draft -- Correspondence -- 1996
FF5926	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Coping with Complexity” -- Simon -- Mélanges en l’honnuer de Jean-Louis Le Moigne -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1997-1999
FF5927	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Correctness of Decisions” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- 1947
FF5928	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Effects of Technological Change in a Linear Model” -- Simon -- Cowles Commission Monograph #13 -- Reprint -- N.D.
FF5929	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Herbert A. Simon” -- Simon -- A History of Psychology in Autobiography, Vol VII -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1976-1979
FF5930	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Chapter 10: Logic: A Broader View” -- Simon -- Human Problem Solving -- Simon and Newell -- 1969
FF5931	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Near Decomposability and Complexity: How a Mind Resides in a Brain” -- Simon -- The Mind, the Brain, and Complex Adaptive Systems -- Morowitz and Singer, eds. -- Draft -- 1994
FF5932	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Process of Understanding in Problem Solving” -- Greeno -- Publication Unknown -- Draft -- N.D.
FF5933	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Chapter 1: The Problem Solving Process” -- Simon -- Publication Unknown -- Draft -- N.D.
FF5934	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Organization and Management” -- Simon -- Planning for Postwar Municipal Services -- International City Manager’s Association -- 1945
FF5935	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Pattern in Music” -- Simon and Sumner -- Formal Representation of Human Judgement -- Chapter 8 -- 1966-1968
FF5936	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “The Patterned Matter that Is Mind” -- Simon -- Mind Matters: A Tribute to Allen Newell -- Steier and Mitchell, eds. -- 1991-1995
FF5937	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Perceptual and Memory Processes in the Acquisition of Expert performance: The EPAM Model” -- Richman, Gobet, Staszewski & Simon -- The Road to Excellence -- Ericsson, ed. -- 1996
FF5938	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Problem Solving and Reasoning” -- Greene and Simon -- Handbook of Experimental Psychology -- Contracts and Correspondence -- 1981-1988
FF5939	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Psychology and Economics” -- Simon and Stedry -- Handbook of Social Psychology -- Correspondence -- 1964-1976
FF5940	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter --“The Role of Attention in Cognition” -- Simon -- The Brain, Cognition and Education -- Draft -- Correspondence -- 1982-1996
FF5941	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Recent Advances in Organization Theory” -- Simon -- Research Frontiers in Politics and Government -- 1955
 

Box 75
Publications

FF5942	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications --Book Chapter -- Understanding  Computers: Artificial Intelligence -- Correspondence -- 1986
FF5943	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Building the Second Mind: A History of Artificial Intelligence -- Skinner -- Draft and Correspondence -- 1997
FF5944	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Table of Contents -- Chapter 1 -- 1959-1960
FF5945	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Chapter 2 -- 1960
FF5946	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Chapter 3 -- Notes -- 1959-1961
FF5947	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Chapter 1-3 -- 1968
FF5948	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Chapter 3-4 -- 1968
FF5949	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Chapter 5-6 -- 1968
FF5950	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Chapter 7 -- 1968
FF5951	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Chapter 7-8 -- 1968
FF5952	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Chapter 8 -- 1968 
FF5953	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Chapter 9-10 -- 1968 
FF5954	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Chapter 10-12 -- 1968
FF5955	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Chapter 13-14 -- 1968
FF5956	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- An Information Processing Theory of Human Problem Solving -- Newell and Simon -- Outline -- 1959-1965
FF5957	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Managing Organizational Conflict; A Non Traditional Approach -- Robbins -- N.D.
FF5958	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- “The Apple” -- N.D.
FF5959	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Articles -- N.D.
FF5960	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Autobiography -- 1978-1983
FF5961	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Correspondence -- 1937-1993
 
Box 75 - Continued
FF5962	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Printout -- 1977-1980
FF5963	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- “Conversation with W, Cooper” -- July 10, 1951
FF5964	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Memorandum -- Reports -- 1948-1984
FF5965	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Notes -- 1942-1983
FF5966	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Notes -- 1937-1999
FF5967	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Table of Contents -- 1989

Box  76
Publications

FF5968	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Intro-Chapter 9 -- 1989
FF5969	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Chapters 1-11 -- 1990
FF5970	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Chapters 12-22 -- 1990
FF5971	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Chapters 10-21 -- 1989
FF5972	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Chapters 1-23 -- References -- 1990
FF5973	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Models of  Thought Vol. 2 -- Simon -- Graphs -- Biography -- 1980-1989
FF5974	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Excerpt -- Conversations with Economists -- Klamer -- N.D.
FF5975	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Excerpt -- “Herbert Simon: Boundless Rationality” -- Tierny -- A Passion to Know: 20 Profiles in Science -- N.D.
FF5976	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Excerpt -- “Problems of Methodology Discussion” -- Simon -- American Economic Association -- N.D.
FF5977	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Excerpt -- Models of My Life --Simon -- 1996
FF5978	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Excerpt -- “Writers on Organizations” -- Pugh and Hickson -- 1989
FF5979	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- List -- N.D.
FF5980	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Miscellaneous -- 1947-1958
FF5981	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Angel -- Published in The Annals of the American Academy -- November 1947
 
Box 76 - Continued
FF5982	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Banfield -- Published in Public Administration Review -- Correspondence -- 1957-1958
FF5983	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Barrington -- Published in Administration -- N.D.
FF5984	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Braatoy -- Published in The Nation -- Nov 1, 1947
FF5985	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Brown -- Published in Contemporary Psychology -- September 1978
FF5986	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Bruck -- Published in American Sociology -- N.D.
FF5987	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review By Cook -- Published in The Review of Politics -- July 1950
FF5988	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Dahl -- Published in Administrative Science Quarterly -- September 1957
FF5989	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Dickinson -- Published in Personnel Administration 10:2 -- November 1947
FF5990	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Fesler -- Published in Journal of Politics -- 1957
FF5991	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Franks -- Published in IBM Executive Development Program -- May-June 1976
FF5992	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Henderson -- Published in Perspective -- July-August 1976
FF5993	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Book Review -- Review by Katz -- Published in Management -- 1957
FF5994	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Kraus -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF5995	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Kurt -- Published in Verwaltungsblatt und Wirtschaft -- 1955-1956
FF5996	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Marx -- Published in Public Administration Review -- N.D.
FF5997	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Millett -- Published in Political Science Quarterly -- N.D.
FF5998	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Norris -- Published in Political Social Education -- March 1948
FF5999	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Posey -- Published in Public Personnel Review -- January 1948
FF6000	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Rivett -- Published in Public Administration -- March 1950
FF6001	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Rondo -- Publication Unknown -- Correspondence -- 1957
 
Box 76 - Continued
FF6002	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Scott -- Published in Wall Street Journal -- Correspondence -- March 6-14, 1957
FF6003	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Sherwood -- Published in Public Administration Review -- March-April 1990
FF6004	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Short -- Published in the American Political Science Review -- N.D.
FF6005	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Review by Urwick -- Published in Management Review -- May 1948
FF6006	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in the Christian Century -- N.D.
FF6007	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in the Contemporary Psychology -- April 1958
FF6008	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Department of Interior Management Highlights -- June 1958
FF6009	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Financial Post (Canada) -- August 28, 1976
FF6010	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Harvard School Alumni Bulletin -- 1947
FF6011	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Industrial Canada -- October 1947
FF6012	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Journal of Economic Literature -- September 1976
FF6013	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Journal of Retailing -- Spring 1958
FF6014	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in New York Law Journal -- July 1948
FF6015	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in The Star News, (Medford, WI) -- September 4, 1947
FF6016	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior  (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Review by Bochicchio -- Published in Empoli -- 1958
FF6017	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior  (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Review by Carcano -- Published in La Notte -- 1958
FF6018	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Review by Melis -- Published in L’Administrazione Locale -- 1958
FF6019	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Fattore Umano  -- 1958
FF6020	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Il Gazettino del Sud -- 1958
 
Box 76 - Continued
FF6021	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Quaderno Di Sociologica -- 1958
FF6022	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Notizario Per Gli Assistanti Sociali -- 1958
FF6023	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in L’Industria -- 1958
FF6024	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Mondo Economico -- N.D.
FF6025	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in 24 Ore -- 1958.
FF6026	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Published in Politica Sindicale -- 1958
FF6027	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Administrative Behavior (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Published in La Provincia -- 1958
FF6028	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Complex Information Processing: The Impact of Herbert A. Simon -- Klahr and Kotovsky, eds. -- Review by MacLeod -- Published in Contemporary Psychology -- Draft -- Correspondence -- 1992-1993
FF6029	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Computers and Common Sense -- Taube -- Review by Belnap -- Published in M.U.L.L. -- March 1963
FF6030	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Death of the Soul: From Descartes to the Computer -- Barrett -- Review by Lehmann-Haupt -- Published in The New York Times -- N.D.
FF6031	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- The Economic Theory of Organization and the Firm -- Cyert -- Review by McGuinness -- Publication Unknown -- Correspondence -- 1990
FF6032	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- The Economics, Bounded Rationality and the Cognitive Revolution -- Simon -- Review by Elgar -- Published in Economic Theory -- December 1991
FF6033	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Economics, Bounded Rationality and the Cognitive Revolution -- Simon -- Review by Mirowski -- Published in Southern Economic Journal -- January 1994
FF6034	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Economics, Bounded Rationality, and the Cognitive Revolution -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in The Economic Journal -- May 1993
FF6035	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Economics, Bounded Rationality and the Cognitive Revolution -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Journal of Economic Literature -- March 1993
FF6036	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Elements of Mathematical Biology -- Lotka -- Review by Simon -- Published in Econometrica -- Draft -- 1957
FF6037	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Experiments in Induction -- Hunt, Marin, and Stone -- Review by Simon -- Published in The American Journal of Psychology -- Draft -- 1967
 
Box 76 - Continued
FF6038	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Explanation in the Behavioral Sciences -- Borger and Cioffi, eds. -- Review by Simon -- Published in The Philosophical Quarterly -- Correspondence -- 1970-1971
FF6039	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Games and Decisions: Introduction and Critical Survey -- Luce and Raiffa -- Review by Simon -- Published in American Sociological Review -- Correspondence -- 1958
FF6040	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- History of CMU -- Schaefer -- “Notes on Lu Schaefer’s History of CMU” -- Review by Simon -- Draft -- July 2, 1989
FF6041	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- John Von Neumann and the Origins of Modern Computing -- Aspray -- Review by Simon -- Published in Minerva -- 1991-1992
FF6042	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Human Problem Solving -- Simon and Newell -- Review by Axten -- Published in Contemporary Sociology -- N.D.
FF6043	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Human Problem Solving -- Simon and Newell -- Review by Hunt -- Published in Contemporary Psychology 18:11 -- 1973
FF6044	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Human Problem Solving -- Simon and Newell -- Review by Hunter -- Published in British Journal of Psychology -- 1973
FF6045	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Human Problem Solving -- Simon and Newell -- Review by Johnson -- Publication Unknown -- 1973
FF6046	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Human Problem Solving -- Simon and Newell -- Review by Krause -- Published in Probl. Eng. Psychologie -- 1973
FF6047	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Human Problem Solving -- Simon and Newell -- Review by Vondracek and Frijda -- University Publications -- May 1972
FF6048	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Human Problem Solving -- Simon and Newell -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Engineering Societies Library -- June 1972
FF6049	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Human Problem Solving (Foreign Translation) -- Simon and Newell -- Reviewer Unknown -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF6050	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Mathematical Explorations in Behavioral Science -- Massarik and Ratoosh eds. -- Review by Simon -- Published in Quarterly of Applied Mathematics -- 1966
FF6051	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Mathematics in the Social Sciences and Other Essays -- Stone -- Review by Simon -- Published in Quarterly of Applied Mathematics -- 1966-1967
FF6052	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Measuring Municipal Activities -- Ridley and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in National Municipal Review -- 1944
FF6053	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Simon -- Review by Kiser -- Published in the Wall Street Review of Books -- Spring 1984
FF6054	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Simon -- Review by Steedman -- Published in The Manchester School -- September 1985
 
Box 76 - Continued
FF6055	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Simon -- Review by Wood -- Published in Economic Affairs -- Notes -- 1986
FF6056	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Ethics -- January 1984
FF6057	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Organization Studies -- 1985
FF6058	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Discovery -- Simon -- Miscellaneous -- Foreign Language Publications -- 1977-1982
FF6059	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Discovery -- Simon -- Review by Sundaram -- Published in Philosophy and Phenomenological Research 39:4 -- 1979
FF6060	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Discovery -- Simon -- Review by Wasziewicz -- Published in Mathematics Abstract -- 1978
FF6061	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Discovery -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in ASLIB -- 1978
FF6062	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Discovery -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Bibliographie de la Philosophie -- N.D.
FF6063	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- 1957-1958
FF6064	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Review by Adams -- Published in the Journal of Philosophy -- N.D.
FF6065	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Review by Brodbeck -- Published in American Statistical Association Journal -- Correspondence -- 1958
FF6066	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Review by Bush -- Published in Contemporary Psychology -- June 1958
FF6067	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Review by Coleman -- Published in The American Journal of Sociology -- 1957
FF6068	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Review by Earl -- Published in Educational and Psychological Measurement -- 1962
FF6069	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Review by Good -- Published in American Mathematics Monthly -- April 1958
FF6070	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Review by Halbert -- Published in Journal of Ops. Research -- N.D.
FF6071	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Review by May -- University Publication -- N.D.
FF6072	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Review by Mosteller -- Published in American Sociological Review -- 1958
FF6073	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Review by Nelson -- Published in American Political Science Review -- Correspondence -- 1958
FF6074	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Review by Solow -- Published in Review of Economics and Statistics -- 1958
FF6075	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Review by Shubik -- Published in JPE -- June 1958
 
Box 76 - Continued
FF6076	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Behavioral Science -- January 1958
FF6077	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Wiley & Sons Newsletter -- 1957
FF6078	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Review by Lewis -- Published in Russell: The Journal of the BertRAND Russell Archives -- Winter 1991-1992
FF6079	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Review by Longuet-Higgins -- Published in Nature -- April 11, 1991
FF6080	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Review by Norvis -- Published in Greensburg Tribune Review -- July 14, 1991
FF6081	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of My Life -- Simon -- Review by Turkle -- Published in New York Times -- March 17, 1991
FF6082	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Thought -- Simon -- Review by Bastien -- Published in Annee Psychologique -- January 1981
FF6083	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Thought -- Simon -- Review by Lachman and Lachman -- Published in Contemporary Psychology 26:3 -- Draft -- Correspondence -- 1980-1981
FF6084	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Thought -- Simon -- Review by Michie -- Published in Times Literary Supplement -- August 22, 1980
FF6085	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Thought -- Simon -- Review by Newell -- Published in Carnegie Mellon Magazine -- Spring 1980
FF6086	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Thought -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in American Journal of Psychology -- January 1981
FF6087	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Thought -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Phi Delta Kappan -- April 1980
FF6088	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Thought -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Psychoanalysis, and Psychology -- 1988

Box 77
    Publications

FF6089	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- The New Science of Management Decision -- Simon -- Review by Mintzberg -- Published in ASQ -- Correspondence -- 1977
FF6090	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- The New Science of Management Decision -- Simon -- Review by Hegel -- Published in ATE/AO -- March 12, 1979
FF6091	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- The New Science of Management Decision -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in The Executive 4:8 -- January 1961
FF6092	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- The New Science of Management Decision -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in New York Times -- January 22, 1961
FF6093	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review-- Organizations --Organization Theory: From Chester Barnard to the Present and Beyond -- Williamson -- Review by Simon -- Published in Journal of Economic Literature -- 1991-1992
 
Box 77 - Continued
FF6094	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review-- Organizations -- March and Simon -- Review by Blau -- Published in Industrial and Labor Relations Review -- October 1959
FF6095	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review-- Organizations -- March and Simon -- Review by Chall -- Published in Sociological Abstracts -- 1960
FF6096	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review-- Organizations -- March and Simon -- Review by Form -- Published in Administrative Science Quarterly -- June 1959
FF6097	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review-- Organizations -- March and Simon -- Review by Golembiewski -- Published in Midwest Journal of Political Science -- November 1959
FF6098	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review-- Organizations -- March and Simon -- Review by Kast -- Published in Business Review -- April 1960
FF6099	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review-- Organizations -- March and Simon -- Review by Kaufman -- Published in American Political Science Review -- 1959
FF6100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review-- Organizations -- March and Simon -- Review by Kellogg -- Published in Best’s Insurance News -- February 25, 1959
FF6101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review-- Organizations -- March and Simon -- Review by Miller -- Published in Personal Management -- June 1959
FF6102	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review-- Organizations -- March and Simon -- Review by Murphy -- Published in Personal Administration -- November-December 1959
FF6103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Pfiffner -- Published in the Western Political Quarterly -- September 1959
FF6104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Price -- Published in Public Administration Review -- Spring 1959
FF6105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Ready -- Published in The Executive -- September 1959
FF6106	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Seznick -- Published in American Sociological Review -- December 1959
FF6107	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Simon -- Published in Current Contents 40 -- October 1, 1979
FF6108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Simonds -- Published in Business Topics -- Spring 1959
FF6109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Stauffacher -- Published in Public Administration Review -- Spring 1959
FF6110	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Stockton -- Published in Business Horizons -- Spring 1959
FF6111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Taylor -- Published in Contemporary Psychology -- Correspondence -- October 1959
FF6112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Tead -- Published in Personnel Journal -- May 1959
 
Box 77 - Continued
FF6113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Triandis -- Published in American Journal of Psychology -- 1960
FF6114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Udy -- Published in American Journal of Sociology -- September 1959
FF6115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Review by Wheeler -- Published in Current Economic Comment -- August 1959
FF6116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Current News of Wiley Publications -- 1959
FF6117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Economic Abstracts -- October 15, 1959
FF6118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Factory Books -- February 1959
FF6119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Harvard Business Review -- July-August 1959
FF6120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in the Industrial Banker -- N.D.
FF6121	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in the International Review of Administrative Sciences -- 1959
FF6122	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Issues and Ideas 5:11 -- 1959
FF6123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Italian American Business -- October 1959
FF6124	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in I.W.C. Documentation Bulletin -- November-December 1959
FF6125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Management Record -- January 1959
FF6126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Published in The Manager -- April 1959
FF6127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- March and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in the Technical Journal -- June 1959
FF6128	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Planning Production, Inventories, and Work Force -- Holt, Modigliani, Muth, and Simon -- Miscellaneous -- 1960-1961
FF6129	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Holt, Modigliani, Muth, and Simon -- Review by Hetter -- Published in the Financial Analysts Journal -- March-April 1961
FF6130	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Holt, Modigliani, Muth, and Simon -- Review by Mills -- Published in American Statistical Association Journal -- March 1962
FF6131	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Holt, Modigliani, Muth, and Simon -- Review by Stoller -- Published in the Analyst’s Bookshelf -- N.D. 
FF6132	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Podejmowanie decyzji kierowniczych -- Simon -- Review by Wiatrak -- Published in Organizacja I Kierowanie -- 1984 

 
Box 77 - Continued
FF6133	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Protocol Analysis -- Ericsson and Simon -- Review by Broadbent -- Published in the Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology -- 1986
FF6134	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Protocol Analysis -- Ericsson and Simon -- Review by Danks -- Published in American Journal of Psychology 98:4 -- Winter 1985
FF6135	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Protocol Analysis -- Ericsson and Simon -- Review by Denzin -- Published in Contemporary Sociology -- January 1985
FF6136	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Protocol Analysis -- Ericsson and Simon -- Review by Review by Hein -- Published in Science Book and Films -- February 1985
FF6137	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Protocol Analysis -- Ericsson and Simon -- Review by Hoc -- Published in Annee Pscyologique -- 1987
FF6138	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Protocol Analysis -- Ericsson and Simon -- Review by Hoffman and Keller-Ringling -- Published in Psyche -- March 1988
FF6139	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Protocol Analysis -- Ericsson and Simon -- Review by Review by Mack -- Published in Contemporary Psychologie -- March 1985 
FF6140	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Protocol Analysis -- Ericsson and Simon -- Review by Svenson -- Published in the British Journal of Psychology -- May 1985
FF6141	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Protocol Analysis -- Ericsson and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Communication Abstracts 8:4 -- December 1985
FF6142	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in MIT Press -- N.D.
FF6143	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Simon, Smithburgh, and Thompson -- Review by Gordon -- Publication Unknown -- 1958
FF6144	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Simon, Smithburgh, and Thompson -- Review by Sayre -- Published in American Political Science Review -- 1951
FF6145	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Simon, Smithburgh, and Thompson -- Review by Shipman -- Published in Public Administration Review -- Spring 1950
FF6146	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Simon, Smithburgh, and Thompson -- Review by Tead -- Published in Ethics -- July 1951
FF6147	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Simon, Smithburgh, and Thompson -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Current History -- November 1950
FF6148	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Simon, Smithburgh, and Thompson -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in the Management Review -- March 1950
FF6149	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Simon, Smithburgh, and Thompson -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Policy Currents 2:1 -- February 26, 1992
Box 77 - Continued
FF6150	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Random Processes and the Growth of Firms:  A Study of Pareto Law -- Steindl -- Review by Simon -- Published in Journal of the American Statistical Association -- Correspondence -- 1966
FF6151	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Rationality Gone Awry -- Schwartz -- Review by Simon -- Published in Business Economics -- Draft -- Correspondence -- July 1999
FF6152	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Simon -- Review by Boradbent -- Published in Contemporary Psychology 30:4 -- 1985
FF6153	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Simon -- Review by Day -- Published in Journal of Economic Literature 23 -- March 1985
FF6154	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Review by Haugen -- Published in R&DM Digest -- August 1984
FF6155	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- by Homans --Published Theory and Society 14:2 -- 1985
FF6156	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Simon -- Review by Glad -- Published in Political Science Quarterly -- Spring 1984
FF6157	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Simon -- Review by Meehan -- Published in the American Political Science Review 78 -- 1984
FF6158	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Simon -- Review by Schackle -- Published in the Economic Journal -- 1983
FF6159	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Simon -- Review by Triffo -- Published in the American Rationalist -- N.D. 
FF6160	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Simon -- Review by Wright -- Published in Australian Journal of Agricultural Economics -- 1985
FF6161	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in American Economic Review -- Inquiry -- Management Science -- June 1983
FF6162	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in American Journal of Psychology -- May 1984
FF6163	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Applied Artificial Intelligence Reporter -- December 1983
FF6164	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Current Selections 11:3 -- September 1984
FF6165	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Simon --Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Ethics -- April 1984
FF6166	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Reason in Human Affairs -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Forecast of New Books -- February 1983
FF6167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Journal of Economic Literature -- December 1983
 
Box 77 - Continued
FF6168	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in the Stanford Publishing News -- 1983-1984
FF6169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Representation and Meaning -- Simon and Siklossy, eds.  -- Review by Abelson -- Published in Contemporary Psychology -- Correspondence -- August 1974
FF6170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Representation and Meaning -- Simon and Siklossy, eds.  -- Review by Durham -- Published in Computing Reviews -- Correspondence -- February 1974
FF6171	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Representation and Meaning -- Simon and Siklossy, eds.  -- Review by Treisman -- Published in BR. J. Psychology -- 1974
FF6172	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Representation and Meaning -- Simon and Siklossy, eds.  -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Choice -- April 1973
FF6173	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Representation and Meaning -- Simon and Siklossy, eds.  -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in New Technical Books -- October 1972
FF6174	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review --Science and Technology Advice in the President, Congress, and Judiciary -- Golden, ed. -- Review by Morgan -- Published in IEEE Spectrum -- Correspondence -- 1988
FF6175	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by Berlinski -- Published in American Political Science Review -- March 1977
FF6176	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by Bledsoe -- Published in Computing Reviews -- January 1970
FF6177	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by Chatters -- Published in Mechanical Engineering News -- November 1969
FF6178	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by Churchman -- Published in Contemporary Psychology 15:6 -- June 1970
FF6179	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by Edwards -- Published in Simulation and Games -- March 1971
FF6180	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by Faber -- Published in Design Studies -- October 1982
FF6181	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by Komoski -- Published in AV Communication Review -- 1972
FF6182	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by Michalos -- Published in Technology and Culture -- N.D.
FF6183	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by Laughery -- Published in American Scientist -- 1969
FF6184	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by the Staff of the Engineering Societies Library -- April 1969
FF6185	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by Stefik -- Published in Artificial Intelligence 22 -- 1984
FF6186	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by Uhr -- Published in Science -- August 1969
 
Box 77 - Continued
FF6187	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Review by Warner -- Published in Operational Research Quarterly 20:4 -- 1969
FF6188	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in the American Mathematical Monthly -- 1970
FF6189	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Book Review Digest -- May 1970
FF6190	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Choice -- November 1969
FF6191	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Communication Quarterly -- 1983
FF6192	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Complexity 3:5 -- 1998
FF6193	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Dansk Psykologist -- April 1971
FF6194	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Economic Books 8:3 -- 1981
FF6195	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Journal of Economic Literature 35:2 -- June 1997
FF6196	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Kroch’s & Brentano’s -- N.D.
FF6197	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Machinery -- August 1969
FF6198	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Management Science 16:4 -- December 1969
FF6199	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in MIT Press -- 1981
FF6200	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in New Scientist -- March 1997
FF6201	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Perception Cog. Development 5:6 -- 1969
FF6202	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Science News 95:8 -- March 1969
FF6203	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Whole Earth Catalog -- N.D.
FF6204	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial (German Translation) -- Simon -- Review by Barth -- Published in Neue Zurcher Zeitung -- November 1990
FF6205	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial (German Translation) -- Simon -- Review by Scholz -- Published in Frankurter Allgemeni Zeitung -- November 1990
FF6206	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial (German Translation) -- Simon -- Review by Zanetti -- Published in Der Tagesspiegel -- November 1991
 
Box 77 - Continued
FF6207	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Sciences of the Artificial (Italian Translation) -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Giornale Italianadi Psicologia 17:4 -- December 1990
FF6208	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Balzer -- Published in Erkenntnis 34 -- 1991
FF6209	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Bentrop -- Published in Computing Reviews -- July 1988
FF6210	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Boden -- Published in Proceedings of the IEEE 17:7 -- Reprint -- July 1989
FF6211	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Byron -- Published in AI SIG Newsletter -- 1987
FF6212	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Devlin -- Published in Guardian -- August 13, 1987
FF6213	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Eisenbud -- Published in the Quarterly Review of Biology 68 -- N.D.
FF6214	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Forester -- Published in Philosophy of Science -- Correspondence -- June 1990
FF6215	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Gibbins -- Published in the Independent -- August 10, 1987
FF6216	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Harwit -- Published in ISIS 80:1 -- Correspondence -- 1989
FF6217	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Langley -- Published in Choice -- November 1987
FF6218	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Le Moigne -- Published in AFCET/Interfaces -- March 1988
FF6219	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Rangarajan -- Published in Indian Journal of Technology -- August 1988
FF6220	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Rothwell -- Published in the Australian -- July 7, 1987
FF6221	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Sneed -- Published in Science 236 -- June 1987
FF6222	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Stacey -- Published in Applied Cognitive Psychology 2:3 -- N.D.
FF6223	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Sternberg -- Published in Contemporary Psychology 34:10 -- 1989
FF6224	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Van Maanen -- Published in Haarlems Dagblad -- September 1987
FF6225	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Van der Zwan -- Published in N.R.C. Handelsblad -- July 25, 1987
FF6226	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Review by Williamson -- Published in Computers in Science -- September-October 1987
Box 77 - Continued
FF6227	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- The Shape of Automation -- Simon -- Review by Bell and Heilbroner -- Published in The New York Review -- Letters to the Editors -- 1965, 1966
FF6228	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- The Shape of Automation -- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Zeitschrift Fur Sozialokonomie -- March 1967
FF6229	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Skew Distributions and the Size of Business Firms -- Ijiri and Simon -- Review by Champernowne -- Published in the Journal of the Royal Statistical Society 4 -- 1977
FF6230	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Skew Distributions and the Size of Business Firms -- Ijiri and Simon -- Review by Cooper -- Published in Zentralblatt Fur Mathematik -- August 1979
FF6231	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Skew Distributions and the Size of Business Firms -- Ijiri and Simon -- Review by Engwall -- Published in the Scandinavian Journal of Economics 80 -- 1978
FF6232	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Skew Distributions and the Size of Business Firms -- Ijiri and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Journal of Economic Literature -- 1977
FF6233	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Skew Distributions and the Size of Business Firms -- Ijiri and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Published in Management International Review -- 1977
FF6234	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- The Social Sciences: Their Nature and Uses -- Kruskal, ed. -- Review by Floyd -- Published in International Social Science Review 58 -- 1983
FF6235	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Verbal Behavior -- Skinner -- Review by Chomsky -- Published in Language 35:1 -- January-March 1959
FF6236	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- What Computer Can’t Do: A Critique of Artificial Reason -- Dreyfus -- Review by Williams -- Published in New York Review of Books -- November 15, 1973
FF6237	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Catalog -- Stanford University Press -- Listing of Reason in Human Affairs -- Spring 1991
FF6238	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers of Early History of AI -- “The Advice Taker: Preliminary Report” -- McCarthy -- July 24, 1958
FF6239	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers of Early History of AI -- “An Algebraic Language for the Manipulation of Symbolic Expressions” -- McCarthy -- N.D.
FF6240	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Application of Recursive Arithmetic to the Problem of Circuit Synthesis” -- Church -- August 1957
FF6241	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “An Approach to the Artificial Intelligence Problem” -- McCarthy --1956
FF6242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Artificial Intelligence - A Frontier of Automation” -- Samuel -- The Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 340 -- March 1662
 
Box 77 - Continued
FF6243	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI --“The Automatic Creation of Literature Abstracts” -- Luhn -- IBM Journal -- April 1958
FF6244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- Correspondence on 1956 Dartmouth Summer Research Project on AI -- 1999
FF6245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- Dissertation Proposal -- University of North Carolina -- Johnson -- N.D.
FF6246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “On the Equivalence and Transformation of Program Schemes” -- Ianov -- Doklady, An Ussr 113:1 -- 1957
FF6247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Examples of Statistical Investigation of the Test of ‘Eugene Onegin’ Illustrating the Dependence Between Examples in Chess” -- Markov -- September 1955
FF6248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Geometry Problem Programming Instructions” -- Newell and Simon -- April 27, 1959
FF6249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “An Inductive Inference Machine” -- Solomonoff -- August 14, 1956
FF6250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Heuristic Aspects of the Artificial Intelligence Problem” -- Re: 1956 Dartmouth Summer Research Program on AI -- Minsky -- December 17, 1956
FF6251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “The Imitation of Man by Machine” -- Neisser -- Science 139 -- January 1963
FF6252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI --“Intelligent Behavior in Problem Solving Machines” -- Re: 1956 Dartmouth Summer Research Program on AI -- Gelernter and Rochester -- IBM Journal -- 1958
FF6253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “IP’V: The Newell-Shaw-Simon Programming Language” -- Green -- November 10, 1959
FF6254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “A Learning Machine: Part 1” -- Friedberg -- IBM Journal 1958
FF6255	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “On Machines Which Prove Theorems” -- Beth -- Natuurkudig Tijdschrift -- October 28, 1957
FF6256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “On Mathematical Symbolism Convenient of Performing Machine Calculation” -- Kantorovich -- Doklady, An USSR 113:4 -- 1957
FF6257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “On the Meaning of ‘The Reader Will Easily Verify’” -- Re: 1956 Dartmouth Summer Research Project on AI -- McCarthy -- June 28, 1956
FF6258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “A Mechanical Proof Procedure and Its Realization in an Electronic Computer” -- Prawitz, Prawitz, and Voghera -- Journal of Association for Computing Machinery 7:2 -- April 1980?
FF6259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “A Model and an Hypothesis for Language Structure” -- Yngve -- Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 104:5 -- March 1960

 
Box 77 - Continued
FF6260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Pandemonium: A Paradigm for Learning” -- Selfridge -- September 8, 1958
FF6261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “On Paying the Weatherman” -- Re: 1956 Dartmouth Summer Research Project on AI -- McCarthy -- 1956
FF6262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Probabilistic Models of Strictly Determined Games” -- McCarthy -- N.D.
FF6263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “The Problem of Automatic Indexing” -- Maron -- RAND Project -- December 28, 1959
FF6264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Problems in the Theory of Computation” -- McCarthy -- Stanford AI Project Memo No. 28 -- March 11, 1965
FF6265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Programs for Machine Learning” -- Hormann -- May 29, 1962
FF6266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “A Programming Language for Mechanical Translation” -- Yngve -- Mechanical Translation 5:1 -- July 1958
FF6267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “A Question-Answering Routine” -- Phillips -- N.D.
FF6268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “RAND Technical Report Distribution List, Contract No. 222:36 -- N.D.
FF6269	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Realization of a Geometry Theorem Proving Machine”  -- Re: 1956 Dartmouth Summer Research Project on AI -- Gelerntner -- 1958
FF6270	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Recursive Functions of Symbolic Expressions and their Computation by Machine” --McCarthy -- Addendum -- 1959-1960
FF6271	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Revisions of the Language” -- McCarthy -- Addendum Memo 3 and 4 -- 1959
FF6272	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “A Selected Descriptor-Indexed Bibliography to the Literature on Artificial Intelligence” -- Minsky -- IRE Transactions of Human Factors in Electronics -- March 1961
FF6273	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “The Selective Discrimination of Information Project as of June 29, 1959” -- Hensley -- June 29, 1959
FF6274	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI --“Some Notes on the Early History of LT” -- Simon -- July 9, 1957
FF6275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Some Studies in Machine Learning Using the Game of Checkers” -- Samuel -- February 11, 1958
FF6276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Storage of Expressions in the 704” -- N.D.
FF6277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- Table of Contents -- Recent Soviet Psychology -- Problems of Cybernetics Vols. 1-5 -- RAND -- 1962
 
Box 77 - Continued
FF6278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “Tests on a Cell Assembly Theory of the Action of the Brain, Using a Large Digital Computer” -- Rochester, Holland, Haibt, and Duda -- 1959
FF6279	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Collected Papers on Early History of AI -- “The Wang Algorithm for the Propositional Calculus Programmed in LISP” -- McCarthy -- N.D.
FF6280	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Acting and Reflecting: The Interdisciplinary Turn in Philosophy” -- Simon -- Progress in Philosophy -- Contract -- 1988
FF6281	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Applying Mathematics to Production Scheduling” -- Simon, et al. -- 1957
FF6282	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Black Ravens and a White Shoe” -- Simon -- British Journal for the Philosophy of Science -- 1989
FF6283	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Boise College -- December 1965
FF6284	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Bounded Rationality and Organizational Learning” -- Organization Science -- 1989-1990
FF6285	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Boundless Age of the Computer” -- Burck -- Fortune -- 1964
FF6286	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence --“Can Problem Solving be Taught”  -- Simon -- Cognition and Instruction -- Abstract -- 1874-1975
FF6287	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Causal Ordering, Comparative Statistics, and Near Decomposability -- Simon and Iwasaki -- Journal of Econometrics -- 1986-1988
FF6288	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Causality In Device Behavior” -- Simon and Iwaski -- Artificial Intelligence -- Graphic Material --1985, 1990
FF6289	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Chicago Sun Times -- Harris -- 1996
FF6290	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Cognition: An Historical Overview” -- Simon and Ericsson -- Cognitive Assessment -- 1979-1980
FF6291	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Comment: The Distinctiveness of Stimuli” -- Simon and Feigenbaum -- Psychological Review -- 1960
FF6292	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Comments on Kage;’s Economic Choice Theory and Animal Behavior” -- Simon -- Program -- 1993-1994
FF6293	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “A Computer for Everyman” -- Simon -- The American Scholar -- 1965-1966, 1998
FF6294	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Computer Modeling of Scientific and Mathematical Discovery Processes” -- Simon -- American Mathematical Monthly -- Transparencies -- 1984
FF6295	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Computer Simulation of Human Thinking” -- Newell and Simon -- Science -- 1961-1962
FF6296	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Context Effects in Letter Perception: A Comparison of Two Theories” -- Simon - Psychological Review -- 1988
FF6297	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Copyright Clearance Center” -- 2000
 
Box 77 - Continued
FF6298	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Decision Making in Britain” -- Simon -- British Broadcasting Corporation -- 1971, 1974, 1983
FF6299	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Decision Making: Rational, Non Rational, and Irrational” -- Simon -- Educational Administration Quarterly -- Contract -- 1991-1993
FF6300	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “The Decision-Making Scheme: A Reply to Professor Banfield” -- Simon -- Review -- 1958
FF6301	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Designing a Machine Partner Prospect and Problems” -- Hormann -- SDC -- International Science and Technology -- December 2, 1965
FF6302	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Empirical Research on Organizational Decision Making” -- Witte -- Introduction by Simon -- 1984
FF6303	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Elements of Theory of Human Problem Solving” -- Simon, Newell, and Shaw -- Psychological Review -- 1957
FF6304	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “The Evaluation and Reporting of Discovery Systems” -- Perez and Simon -- 1992
FF6305	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Fitness Requirements for Scientific Theories Containing Recursive Theoretical Terms” -- Simon and Shen -- British Journal for the Philosophy of Science -- 1990-1991, 1993
FF6306	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Fortune Magazine -- 1958, 1964
FF6307	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “How Does an Expert Use a Graph?”  and “Strengthening Words and Pictures” -- Leonardo, Tabachneck, and Simon -- Cognitive Science -- 1995
FF6308	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Human Experts and Knowledge-Based Systems” -- Simon -- Proceedings of Mount Fuji Workshop -- The Knowledge Engineering Review -- Transparencies -- 1981-1982
FF6309	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “The Impact of Electronic Communications on Organizations” -- Simon -- Organizing Industrial Development -- 1984-1985
FF6310	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “The Information Processing Explanation of Gestalt Phenomena” -- Simon -- Computers in Human Behavior -- 1986-1987 
FF6311	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Interview: Herbert A. Simon” -- OMNI -- 1994
FF6312	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Interview Request -- The Nihon Keizai Shimbun (Japan Economic Journal) -- 1982
FF6313	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Invariants of Human Behavior” -- Simon -- Annual Review of Psychology -- 1988-1990
 
Box  78
Publications

FF6314	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Accepted -- 1950, 1958, 1966
FF6315	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Accepted -- 1972-1973, 1976-1979
FF6316	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Accepted -- 1980-1983
FF6317	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Accepted -- 1985-1986
FF6318	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Accepted -- 1987-1988
FF6319	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Accepted -- 1988-1989
FF6320	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Accepted -- 1990 -1991
FF6321	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Accepted -- 1991-1993
FF6322	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Accepted -- 1993-1995
FF6323	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Accepted -- 1995-1998
FF6324	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Accepted --1998-2000
FF6325	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1961-1969
FF6326	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1970-1971, 1977
FF6327	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1977-1978
FF6328	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1979
FF6329	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1980
FF6330	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1980-1981
FF6331	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1982
FF6332	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1981-1983
FF6333	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1984
FF6334	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1984-1985

 
Box 78 - Continued
FF6335	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined --1985-1986
FF6336	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1987
FF6337	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1988
FF6338	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1988-1989
FF6339	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1989-1990
FF6340	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1990-1991
FF6341	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1991-1993
FF6342	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1994
FF6343	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1995-1996
FF6344	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined --1994-1995
FF6345	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1997
FF6346	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1998
FF6347	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1999-2000
FF6348	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Invitations to Publish, Edit, or Review -- Declined -- 1999
FF6349	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Life Magazine -- 1970
FF6350	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Literary Criticism: A Cognitive Approach” -- Simon -- Stanford Humanities Review -- Reviews and Papers -- 1993-1994
FF6351	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “The Logic of Rational Decision” -- Simon -- British Journal of the Philosophy of Science -- Draft -- 1964-1965
FF6352	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Logic and Thought” -- Simon -- Minds and Machines -- 1995-1997
FF6353	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Machine Discovery” -- Simon --Abstract -- 1994-1995
FF6354	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Micro-Simulation: The Simulation of Individual and Group Behavior” -- Clarkson and Simon -- 1960
FF6355	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Mind as Machine: The Cognitive Revolution in Behavioral Science” -- Simon -- Perspectives on Behavioral Science:  The Colorado Lectures -- 1987-1990
 
Box 78 - Continued
FF6356	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “My Life Philosophy” -- Simon -- The American Economist -- 1984-1985
FF6357	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “The Midday Moon” -- Simon -- Common Knowledge -- 1991-1992
FF6358	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Nomonotonic Reasoning and Causation: Comment” -- Simon -- Cognitive Science -- Correspondence -- 1990-1991
FF6359	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence --National Academy of Sciences (NAS) -- 1974-1975
FF6360	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “On the Possibility of Accurate Public Predication” -- Simon -- Contracts -- 1996-1997
FF6361	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Organization of ECA” -- Simon -- Commentaries and Corrections -- 1953
FF6362	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Organizations and Markets” -- Simon -- The Journal of Economic Perspectives -- Reviews -- 1998-1991
FF6363	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Paper for the “Festschrift: 70th year Celebration for Professor Ralph W. Gerard” -- Simon -- 1969-1972
FF6364	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1958-1969
FF6365	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1970-1979
FF6366	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1980-1981
FF6367	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1981-1982
FF6368	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1983
FF6369	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint --1983-1985
FF6370	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint --1984-1985
FF6371	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1986
FF6372	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1987
FF6373	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1987-1988
FF6374	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1989
FF6375	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1990
FF6376	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1991
FF6377	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1992
FF6378	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1993
FF6379	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Politics as Information Processing” -- Simon -- The LSE Quarterly -- Correspondence -- 1987
FF6380	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Prediction and Prescription in Systems Modeling” -- Simon -- Operation Research -- 1989
FF6381	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Process of Understanding Problem Instructions” -- Simon -- Prague Conference -- Correspondence and Brochure -- 1976-1977
 
Box 78 - Continued
FF6382	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- MacMillan -- 1945-1955

Box 79
Publications

FF6383	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- MacMillan -- 1955-1958
FF6384	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- MacMillan -- 1958-1974
FF6385	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- Prentice Hall -- 1958-1961
FF6386	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- Prentice Hall -- 1962-1963
FF6387	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- Prentice Hall -- 1963-1967
FF6388	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- Prentice Hall -- 1967-1969
FF6389	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- Prentice Hall -- 1968-1969
FF6390	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- Prentice Hall -- 1969-1970
FF6391	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- Prentice Hall -- 1970-1971
FF6392	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- Prentice Hall -- 1971-1973
FF6393	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- Prentice Hall -- 1974-1976
FF6394	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Publishing Companies -- "Rational Decision Making in Business Organizations" -- Simon -- Advances in Behavioral Economics -- June 6, 1986
FF6395	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Rational Decision Making in Business Organizations (The 1978 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics Lecture)" -- Simon -- 1978
FF6396	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Reply to 'Final Note' by Mendelbrot" -- Simon -- Information and Control -- 1959
FF6397	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Scientific Discovery and Simplicity of Method" -- Simon -- Artificial Intelligence -- 1997
FF6398	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Some Further Notes on a Class of Skew Distribution Functions" -- Simon -- Information and Control -- 1959
FF6399	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence --"Studies of Scientific Discovery" -- Simon and Klahr -- Psychological Bulletin -- 1998-1999
FF6400	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Studying Human Intelligence by Creating Artificial Intelligence" -- Simon -- American Scientist -- 1980-1981

 
Box 79 - Continued
FF6401	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Studying the Impact of Electronic Communications on Organizations" -- Simon -- Organizing Industrial Development (Dedicated to Walter Goldberg) -- 1984, 1986
FF6402	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Style in Design" -- Simon -- Spatial Synthesis in Computer Aided Building Design -- 1973-1974
FF6403	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Tale of Two Protocols" -- Simon -- Cognitive Process Instruction -- 1978
FF6404	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Television Broadcast on "Economics USA" (Russian) -- February 8, 1993
FF6405	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Television Broadcast on "Tomorrow" Series -- CBS News -- Transcript -- 1960-1961
FF6406	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Templates in Chess Memory" -- Simon and Gobet -- Cognitive Psychology 1994-1995
FF6407	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Temporal and Atemporal Foresight" -- Simon and Shackle -- June 13, 1960
FF6408	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Theories in Decision-Making in Economics and Behavioral Sciences" -- Simon -- American Economic Review -- 1959
FF6409	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "A Theory of the Serial Position Effect" -- Simon and Feigenbaum -- Psychological Review -- 1958
FF6410	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Two Heads Are Better Than One: The Collaboration Between Artificial Intelligence and Operations Research" -- Simon -- Interfaces -- 1986-1987
FF6411	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "The Uses of Mathematics in the Social Sciences" --Simon -- Mathematics and Computers in Simulation (IMACS) -- 1977-1978
FF6412	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "AVery Early Expert System" -- Simon -- 1992-1993
FF6413	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence --Wall Street Journal -- August 20, 1999
FF6414	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- "Why a Picture is (Sometimes) Worth 10,000 Words" -- Larkin -- Cognitive Science -- 1985-1986
FF6415	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence --"Why Should Machines Learn?" -- Simon -- Machine Learning, An Artificial Intelligence Approach -- 1982
FF6416	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- WQED - FM -- 1978-1979, 1990
FF6417	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- XEROX -- Permission to Print -- 1973
FF6418	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Administrative Behavior" -- Simon -- International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1963, 1965
FF6419	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Allen Newell" -- Simon -- MIT Encyclopedia of the Cognitive Sciences -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1997-1998
FF6420	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Artificial Intelligence" -- Simon -- Condensed Encyclopedia of Psychology -- Draft -- 1986 
 
Box 79 - Continued
FF6421	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Artificial Intelligence" -- Simon -- Encyclopedia Britannica -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1996-1997
FF6422	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Behavioral Economics" -- Simon -- The Social Science Encyclopedia -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1993-1997
FF6423	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Bounded Rationality" -- Simon -- The New Palgrave Dictionary of Money and Finance -- 1989-1990
FF6424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Causation" --Simon -- International Encyclopedia of the Social Science -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1963-1975
FF6425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Information Processing" -- Simon --The Encyclopedia of the Social Science -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1993-1997
FF6426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Information Processing and Problem Solving" --Simon and Newell -- Kindler's Psychology of the 29th Century -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1974-1975
FF6427	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- Problem Solving -- Simon and Newell -- MIT Encyclopedia of Cognitive Sciences -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1996-1997
FF6428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Production Systems" -- Simon -- MIT Encyclopedia of the Cognitive Sciences -- Correspondence --Draft -- 1997-1998
FF6429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Satisficing" -- Simon -- Encyclopedia of Economics -- Correspondence --Draft -- 1991-1992
FF6430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Simulation: Individual Behavior" -- Simon and Newell -- International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1964, 1968, 1975
FF6431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- "Simulation: Individual Behavior" -- Simon and Newell -- International Encyclopedia of Statistics -- 1978
FF6432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Foreword to Davidson and Ambrose: The New Professor's Handbook -- Simon -- Memorandum -- Draft -- 1993
FF6433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Foreword to Dessler: Organization and Management a Contingency Approach -- Simon -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1975-1976
FF6434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Foreword to Dr. Courtois's Book -- Simon-- Draft -- July 11, 1976
FF6435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Foreword to Fox and Das: Safe and Sound From Natural to Artificial Intelligence -- Simon-- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1999-2000
FF6436	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Foreword to Klahr: Investigating Scientific Thinking: Why and How -- Simon -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1999
FF6437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Foreword to Luker and Fishwick, eds.: Qualtiative Simulation Modeling and Analysis -- Simon -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1989
FF6438	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Foreword to Melcher: Structure and Process of Organizations -- Simon-- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1974

 
Box 79 - Continued
FF6439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Foreword to: "Papers in Honor of Chester I Barnard" -- Simon -- International Journal of Public Administration -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1991, 1993-1994
FF6440	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Foreword to Xinming: Learning From Examples -- Simon -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1997
FF6441	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Foreword to Whinston, et al.: Information Processing, Decision Making, and Decision Support -- Simon -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1980-1981
FF6442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Interview -- Source Unknown -- N.D.
FF6443	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Interview by Corinne Krauss -- "The Reminiscences of Herbert A. Simon" -- Columbia University Oral History Research Office -- 1979
FF6444	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Interview by Pamela McCorduck -- Machines Who Think -- Transcript -- 1974-1975

Box 80
Publications

FF6445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Introduction to Bromiley’s Corporate Capital Investment -- Simon -- Draft -- Correspondence -- 1984
FF6446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Introduction to the Collection of Simon’s Articles (in Italian) -- Filippi -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1983-1984
FF6447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Introduction to Key Papers in Artificial Intelligence (in Italian -- Cordeschi -- Draft -- Correspondence -- 1986
FF6448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Introduction to Kognitionswissenschaft: Special Issue on Cognitive Modeling -- Simon and Wallach -- Draft -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF6449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Journal -- Carnegie Alumnus 35:1 -- September 1949
FF6450	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Journal -- Carnegie Magazine -- February 1968
FF6451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Journal -- Consulting Engineer 3:4 -- Fall 1992
FF6452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Journal -- The Journal of Philosophy 44:4 -- February 13, 1947
FF6453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Journal -- Title Unknown (in Japanese) -- 1977
FF6454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Lecture -- “Acht Vorlesungen uber Kognitive Psychologie” -- (Eight Lectures on Cognitive Psychology) Simon -- Hamburg University -- April 1978
FF6455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Lecture -- “Inventory Control and Production Scheduling” -- Simon -- CIT -- N.D.
FF6456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Lecture -- “Man and His Tools: Technology and the Human Condition” -- Simon -- Nederlands Institut van Psychologen -- April 1981
FF6457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Lecture -- “A Model for Group Interaction” -- Simon -- University of Michigan Summer Seminar -- July 23, 1952
FF6458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Lecture -- “On the Alienation of Workers and Management” -- Simon -- Fourth Zucker Lecture 1978 -- Mcmaster University -- 1981
 
Box 80 - Continued
FF6459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Lecture -- “On the Relevance of Professional Education” --Simon -- Montreal, Canada -- May 26, 1971
FF6460	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- List -- Co-Authors -- Simon -- N.D.
FF6461	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- List -- Manuscripts in Publication Process -- Simon -- 1999
FF6462	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- List -- Miscellaneous -- N.D.
FF6463	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- List -- “New Scholarly Books” -- Ayoub -- Chronicle of Higher Education -- April 29, 1987
FF6464	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- List -- “University of Illinois List of Publications” -- Correspondence -- 1985
FF6465	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Accounting for Public Service” -- Simon -- Essays in Honor of Taminosuke Nashimura -- 1974
FF6466	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Accurate Predictions and Fixed Point Theorems: Comments” -- “Final Comments” -- Simon -- Social Science Information -- 1980-1992
FF6467	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “AI Lesson from Kasparov vs. Deep Blue” -- Munakata and Simon -- Communications -- 1997
FF6468	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “AI Today” --Simon -- The World & I -- 1995 
FF6469	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Altruism and Economics” -- Simon -- Eastern Economic Journal 18:1 -- Magyar Tudomany 1 (Hungarian Translation) -- Abstract -- 1992-1993, 1995
FF6470	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Amounts of Fixation and Discovery in Maze Learning Behavior” -- Simon -- Psychometrika 22:3 -- Commentary -- 1956-1957
FF6471	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Applications of Machine Learning and Rule Induction” -- Langley and Simon -- CACM -- Review -- 1994-1995
FF6472	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Architecture of Complexity “ -- Simon -- Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society 106 -- 1962
FF6473	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Artificial Intelligence: An Empirical Science” -- Simon -- Artificial Intelligence 77 -- Review -- 1993-1995
FF6474	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Authority” -- Simon -- Research in Industrial Human Relations -- 1955-1957, 1961
FF6475	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Automation Bogy, Reply to Seligman’s Review of: The Shape of Automation” -- Simon -- Dissent -- 1996
FF6476	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Axiomatization of Physical Theories” -- Simon -- Philosophy of Science 37:1 -- 1968-1970
FF6477	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Axioms of Newtonian Mechanics” --Simon -- Philosophical Magazine -- 1946-1947, 1949
FF6478	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Bounded Rationality in Social Science” -- Simon -- Mind and Society -- 1998-1999
FF6479	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Bottleneck of Attention: Connection Thought with Motivation” -- Simon -- Integrated Views on Motivation, Cognition, and Emotion -- 1993
 
Box 80 - Continued
FF6480	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Business Firm and Growth and Size” -- Ijiri and Simon -- The American Economic Review 54:2 -- 1963-1964
FF6481	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript --“The Business School: A Problem in Organizational Design” -- Simon -- The Journal of Management Studies 4:1 -- 1966-1967
FF6482	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “CaMeRa: A Computational Model of Diagram Reading and Reasoning” -- Leonardo, Tabachneck, Simon -- Cognitive Science -- 1995
FF6483	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript --“CaMeRa: A Computational Model of Diagram Reading and Reasoning” -- Tabacheneck-Schijf, Leonardo, Simon -- Cognitive Science -- Galley -- 1995-1998
FF6484	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript --“Causality and Model Abstraction” -- Iwaski and Simon -- Artificial Intelligence -- 1993-1994
FF6485	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Cause and Counterfactual” -- Rescher and Simon -- The Philosophy of Science 33:4 -- 1966-1967
FF6486	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Changes of Problem Representation in Complex Tasks” -- Simon and Kim -- Korean Journal of Cognitive Science -- “Representation Change in Scientific Discovery” -- Kim, Lerch, and Simon -- 1993-1997
FF6487	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Challenge to Human Uniqueness” -- Simon -- Headline News, Science Views -- 1985, 1991
FF6488	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Clinical Psychology in China” -- Fowler -- Publication Unknown -- February 3, 1981
FF6489	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Cognitive Science and Learning”  -- Simon -- Report on Science and Technology: A Five Year Outlook II --1980
FF6490	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Collaborative Discovery in a Scientific Domain” -- Simon and Okada -- Cognitive Science -- 1994-1997
FF6491	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Comment: Firm Size and Rate of Growth” -- Simon -- Journal of Political Economy -- “Rejoinder: Firm Size and Rate of Growth” -- Simon -- 1963-1964
FF6492	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Comment: The Meaning and Uses of Models” -- Simon -- Synthese -- 1961-1962
FF6493	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Commentary” -- Simon -- Advances in Information Processing in Organizations Vol. I -- 1983
FF6494	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- Comments on the “Office of Year 2000” --Simon -- Newsweek -- 1996, 1984
FF6495	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Comments of the Symposium on ‘Computer Discovery and the Sociology of Scientific Knowledge” -- Simon -- Social Studies of Science 21 -- 1990-1991
FF6496	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- Comments on Thagard’s ‘Explanatory Coherence’: “Echo and Stahl” -- Simon -- Behavioral and Brian Sciences -- 1989
FF6497	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Communication Resulting from Pressures Toward Uniformity in Groups,” Part I and III -- Guetzkow and Simon -- Psychology Review -- British Journal of Psychology -- N.D.
 
Box 80 - Continued
FF6498	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Compensations of Executives” -- Simon -- Sociometry -- 1956
FF6499	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Complexity and the Representation of Patterned Sequences of Symbols” -- Simon -- Psychological Review -- 1971-1977
FF6500	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript --“Contributions of Herbert A. Simon” -- Ando -- Scandianvaian Journal of Economics -- Bell Journal -- 1978
FF6501	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Directions for Qualitive Reasoning” -- Kalagnananam and Simon -- Computational Intelligence 8:2 -- 1991
FF6502	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Discovering Explanations” --Simon -- Minds and Machines (Special Issue) -- Explanation and Cognition -- 1996-2000
FF6503	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Early History” -- McCorduck -- Session in History of Artificial Intelligence -- N.D.
FF6504	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Economics as a Historical Science” -- Simon -- Theoria -- 1997-1998
FF6505	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Effects of Mergers and Acquisitions on Business Firm Concentration” -- Simon and Ijiri -- the Journal of Political Economy 79:2 -- 1969-1971
FF6506	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript --“Election Predictions: Reply” --Simon -- Inquiry -- 1982

Box 81
Publications

FF6507	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Empirical Tests of a Theory of Human Acquisition of Concepts for Sequential Patterns” -- Kotovsky and Simon -- Cognitive Psychology -- 1971-1973
FF6508	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- Endorsement to the Book: Measurement for Business and Marketing by Earle -- Simon -- 1994-1995
FF6509	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “EPAM-like Models of Recognition and Learning” -- Feigenbaum and Simon -- Cognitive Science -- Correspondence -- 1984
FF6510	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Experiments with a Heuristic Compiler” -- Simon -- Journal of the Association for Computing Machinery -- Correspondence -- 1962-1967
FF6511	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Expert Decision Making and the Managerial Future” -- Monash MT Eliza Business Review -- Correspondence -- Draft -- 1997-1998
FF6512	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Expert Memory: Revisiting the Chunking Hypothesis” -- Gobet and Simon -- Memory -- Reviews -- 1994-1998
FF6513	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Expertise Effects in Memory Recall: A Reply to Vincente and Wang” -- Psychological Review -- Article -- 1998-2000
 
Box 81 - Continued
FF6514	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Fairness and Retaliation: The Economics of Reciprocity” -- Fehr and Gachter -- Journal of Economic Perspectives -- 1999-2000
FF6515	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Fitness Requirements for Scientific Theories” -- Simon -- British Journal of Philosophy of Science -- 1981-1985
FF6516	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Five Seconds or Sixty? Presentation Time in Expert Memory” -- Gobet and Simon --Cognitive Science -- 1998-2000
FF6517	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Formal Theories in Psychology” -- Ohlsson and Simon -- Production System Models of Learning and Development -- 1982-1983
FF6518	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “A Formal Theory of Interaction in Social Groups” -- Simon -- American Sociological Review -- 1952-1953
FF6519	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “From Substantive to Procedural Rationality” -- Simon -- Method and Appraisal in Economics -- INCISA -- 1973-1975, 1978
FF6520	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Functions of the Executive Revisited”-- Simon -- Barnard: Modern Society and its Organizational Problems -- Correspondence -- 1985-1987
FF6521	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Future of Information Processing Technology” -- Simon -- Management Science 14:9 -- TIMS Conference -- 1967-1968
FF6522	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Future of Information Systems” -- Simon -- Annals of Operations Research -- Correspondence -- 1995-1997
FF6523	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Game Theory and the Concept of Rationality” -- Simon -- Essays in Honor of Matin Subik -- 1991-2000
FF6524	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Game Theory and Learning Theory” -- Simon -- Psychometrika -- 1955
FF6525	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Goals, Representations, and Strategies” -- Gobet, Richman, Staszewki, and Simon -- Psychology of Learning and Motivation 37 -- Article -- 1996-1997
FF6526	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Horizons and Limits” -- Simon -- Society -- 1980
FF6527	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “How do Children Solve Class-Inclusion Problems” -- Trabasso, Isen, Dolecki, McLanahan, Riley -- Children’s Thinking: What Develops? -- Siegler, eds. -- N.D.
FF6528	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Human Acquisition of Concepts for Sequential Patterns” -- Kotovsky and Simon -- Psychological Review -- 1962-1963
FF6529	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Human and Machine Interpretation of Expressions in Formal Systems” -- Simon and Eisenstadt -- Syntheses -- 1997-1999
FF6530	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Human Nature in Politics: The Dialogue of Psychology with Political Science” -- Simon -- The American Political Science Review -- 1984-1985
 
Box 81 - Continued
FF6531	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Human Organizations and Management Information Systems” -- Simon -- Japan Productivity Center -- 1969
FF6532	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Imagery and Problem Solving” -- Qin and Simon -- Proceedings of the 12th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society -- 1990
FF6533	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “In Search of Insight” -- Simon -- Cognitive Psychology -- Graphic Material -- Notes -- Correspondence -- 1975, 1988-1992
FF6534	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Induction and Representation of Sequential Patterns” -- Simon -- Formal Theories of Visual Perception -- 1976
FF6535	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Information Can Be Managed” -- Simon -- Think -- 1966-1967
FF6536	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “An Information-Processing Explanation of One-Trial and Incremental Learning” -- Gregg and Simon -- Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior 6:5 -- Abstract, Correspondence and Reprint -- 1966-1967
FF6537	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Information Processing and Introspective Perspectives on the Demand for Live Music” -- Earl -- 2000
FF6538	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Information Processing in the Perception of Chess Positions” -- Simon and Barenfeld -- Psychological Review -- 1968-1969
FF6539	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Information Processing Language V on the IBM 650” -- Newell and Simon -- Annals of the History of Computing -- Correspondence -- 1983-1986
FF6540	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Information-Processing Theory of Mind” -- Remarks on Acceptance of APA Lifetime Contribution to Psychology Award -- American Psychologist -- 1993-1995
FF6541	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Intelligent Machinery and Mathematical Discovery” -- Larson -- Artificial Intelligence -- Review -- 1999-2000
FF6542	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Internal Representation and Rule Development in Object-Oriented Design” -- Kim, Lerch, and Simon -- ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction (TOCHI) -- 1993-1995
FF6543	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Interpretations of Departures from the Pareto Curve in Firm-Size Distributions” -- Ijiri and Simon -- Journal of Political Economy -- 1972-1974
FF6544	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Is Linguistics a Natural Science?” -- Simon -- Communications -- Correspondence -- 1990-1992
FF6545	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Jacques Lesourne’s Contributions to Economics, and to Social Science Generally” --Simon -- 1998-2000
FF6546	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Knowledge-Based Proof Planning” -- Melis and Siekmann -- Artificial Intelligence Journal -- 1999
FF6547	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Laboratory Replication of Scientific Processes” -- Qin and Simon -- Cognitive Science 14 -- 1988-1990
 
Box 81 - Continued
FF6548	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Learning About Buoyancy: From Examples and Through Problem Solving” -- Zhu and Simon -- Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences -- 1995-1996
FF6549	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Learning Mathematics from Examples and by Doing” -- Zhu and Simon -- Cognitive Instruction -- 1984-1998
FF6550	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Letter to the Editor of Behavioral Science -- Simon, H.A. and Simon P.A. -- Correspondence -- 1964
FF6551	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Letter to the Editor of Science -- Simon -- Correspondence -- 1966
FF6552	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “A Letter to a Friend in Belgrade” -- Simon -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF6553	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “L’explication en Termes de Traitment de L’ information du Phenomene de la Getatlt”  -- Simon -- Intellectica 1:28 -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF6554	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Logic of Discovery: A Critique of the Views of Angelo M. Petroni” -- Simon -- Sistemi Intelligenti -- Correspondence -- 1998
FF6555	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Losing Move: An Information Processing Concept” -- Simon -- Proceedings -- Correspondence -- 1974
FF6556	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Maintaining the Peace” -- Simon -- Festchrift in Honor of Harold Guetzkow -- Correspondence -- 1982-1985
FF6557	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Making Management Decisions” -- Simon -- The Academy of Management Executive -- Correspondence -- 1982-1986
FF6558	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Magical Number 4 in Short-Term Memory: A Reconsideration of Mental Storage Capacity” -- Cowan -- Behavioral and Brian Sciences -- 1998-2000
FF6559	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Management and Product” -- Simon -- Organization Science -- Correspondence -- 1980
FF6560	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Many Shapes of Knowledge” -- Simon -- Revue D’Economie Industrielle -- 1988-1999
FF6561	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Mathematical Modeling of Election Predictions: Final Reply to Professor Aubert” -- Simon -- Inquiry -- 1993
FF6562	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Mechanical Models in Psychology in the 1950’s” -- Cordeschi -- The Proceedings of the 3rd Annual Meeting of the European Cheiron Society for the History of the Behavioral and Social Sciences -- 1985
FF6563	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “A Model of Business Growth” -- Ijiri and Simon -- Econometrica -- Correspondence -- 1965-1967

 
Box 82
Publications

FF6564	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Motivation and Creativity: A Reply to Csikszentmihalyi” -- New Ideas In Psychology -- 1985-1988
FF6565	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Motivational and Emotional Controls of Cognition” -- Simon -- The Psychological Review -- 1965-1966
FF6566	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Mutual Deterrence or Nuclear Suicide”  -- Simon -- Science -- 1984
FF6567	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Necessity of a Theory of the Environment and the Burden of Process Theories: A Reply to Erricson, Patel, and Kintsch and Simon & Gobet” -- Vicente and Hajdukiewicz --Psychological Review --Review -- 1999
FF6568	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “New Developments in the Theory of the Firm” -- Simon -- American Economic Review 52 -- 1961-1962
FF6569	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Next Hundred Years: Engineering Design” -- Simon -- The Next Hundred Years (University of Toronto’s Faculty Centennial Lecture Series) -- Jones, ed. -- 1973-1977
FF6570	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “A Note on Jost’s Law and Exponential Forgetting” -- Simon -- Psychometrika -- 1966
FF6571	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “A Note on Mathematical Models for Learning” -- Simon -- Psychometrika -- 1961-1962
FF6572	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “A Note on Residential Choice and Air Pollution: A General Equilibrium Model” -- Seskin and Simon -- “Residential Choice and Air Pollution: A General Equilibrium Model” -- Seskin -- American Economic Review -- 1971-1973 
FF6573	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Observations on: The Sciences Learning” -- Simon -- Journal of Applied Development Psychology -- 1998-2000
FF6574	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “On the Behavioral and Rational Foundations of Economic Dynamics” -- Simon -- Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization -- 1983-1984
FF6575	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “On a Class of Skew Distribution Functions” -- Simon -- Biometrika --Models of Man -- Notes -- 1953-1954, 1957
FF6576	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “On Parsimonious Explanations of Production Relations” -- Simon -- The Scandinavian Journal of Economics -- Abstract -- 1978-1979
FF6577	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript --“On the Robustness of Fact and Frugal Heuristic” -- Czerlinski -- Psychological Review --1999
FF6578	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “An Operational Model of Motor Skill Diagnosis”  -- Pinherio and Simon -- Journal of Teaching Physical Education -- 1991-1992
FF6579	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Optimal Expectation and the Extreme Information Assumptions of Rational Expectations’ Macromodels” -- Friedman -- 1977-1978

 
Box 82 - Continued
FF6580	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Optimal Problem Solving Search: All-or-None-Solutions” -- Simon and Kadane -- Artificial Intelligence -- Abstract -- 1974
FF6581	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Pattern Recognition Makes Search Possible: Comments on Holding” -- Gobet and Simon -- Psychological Research 61 -- Article -- 1997
FF6582	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Power and Limits of Problem Solving” -- Simon -- Cseriac Gateway Newsletter -- 1998-1999
FF6583	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Process Models and Stochastic Theories of Simple Concept Formation” -- Gregg and Simon -- Journal of Mathematical Psychology 4:2 -- 1996-1970
FF6584	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Processes of Scientific Discovery: The Strategy of Experimentation” -- Kulkarni and Simon -- Cognitive Science -- 1986-1988
FF6585	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- Proceedings of IRRA -- California Management Review -- 1966-1967
FF6586	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Prometheus or Pandora: The Influence of Automation on Society” -- Simon -- Computer -- Nikkei Computer -- 1981-1982
FF6587	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Protocol Analysis” -- Ericsson and Simon -- Handbook of Discourse Analysis -- Van Dijk, ed. -- 1980-1984
FF6588	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Psychology and Economics” -- Simon -- The Handbook of Economic Methodology -- Davis, Hand, Maki eds.  -- 1993-1998
FF6589	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Putting the Story Together” -- Simon -- Review of Newell, Unified Theories of Cognition -- Contemporary Psychology -- 1995
FF6590	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Quantification of Theoretical Terms and the Falsifiability of Theories” -- Simon -- The British Journal for the Philosophy of Science -- 1984
FF6591	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Rational Decision Making in Business Organization (The 1978 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics Lecture)” -- Simon -- American Economic Review -- 1978-1979
FF6592	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Rationality in Administrative Behavior: Simon, Science, and Public Administration” -- Bartlett -- Public Administration Quarterly -- 1986
FF6593	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Rationality in Political Behavior” -- Simon -- Political Philosophy -- 1991-1994
FF6594	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Rationality in Psychology and Economics” -- Simon -- Journal of Business 59:4 -- Foundations of the Economic Approach to Law -- Katz, ed. -- 1985-1986, 1996
FF6595	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Rationality Redux: Reflections on Herbert Simon’s Vision of Politics” -- Goodin -- American Political Science Association -- Review -- 1997
 
Box 82 - Continued
FF6596	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Recall of Rapidly Presented Random Chess Positions is a Function of Skill” -- Gobet and Simon -- Psychonomic Bulletin & Review -- 1995
FF6597	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript --“Recall of Rapidly Presented Random Chess Positions is a Function of Skill” -- Gobet and Simon -- Memory and Cognition -- Review -- 1994-1996
FF6598	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Relevance: There and Here” -- Simon -- Science -- 1973
FF6599	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Reply to Lassiter” -- Simon -- “The Relative Contribution of Recognition and Look-Ahead Search to High-Level Chess Performance” -- Lassiter -- Psychological Science -- 1997-2000
FF6600	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Reply to Professor Clower’s Discussion” -- Simon -- Industriens Utredningsinstitut -- 1984
FF6601	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Reply to Reiner’s Letter: ‘A Computer for Everyone” -- Simon -- The American Scholar -- Letter to the Editor -- 1966
FF6602	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Reply to Taube’s Letter on “Computer Simulation of Human Thinking” -- Newell and Simon -- Science -- Letter to the Editor -- 1962
FF6603	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Reply to Touretzky and Pomerleau: Reconstructing Physical Symbol Systems” -- Vera and Simon -- Cognitive Science -- 1993-1994
FF6604	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- Reply to Vining: Stability in the Pareto Law and the Popular Folklore: A Comment on the Ijiri-Simon Model” -- Simon -- Journal of Political Economy -- 1973
FF6605	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- Response to Aubert’s “Spurious Mathematical Modeling” --Simon -- Mathematical Intelligencer -- Letter to Editor --- 1983-1985
FF6606	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- Response to Simon’s “Prometheus of Pandora: The Influence of Automation on Society” --Haynes -- Computer -- Letter to the Editor -- 1982
FF6607	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Review: Barriers and Bound to Rationality” -- Simon -- Structural Change and Economics Dynamics -- 1998-1999
FF6608	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- Review of de Groot’s Book: Thought and Choice in Chess -- Simon -- Contemporary Psychology -- 1965-1966
FF6609	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- Review of Rip’s Book The Psychology of Proof: Deductive Reasoning in Human Thinking -- Simon -- American Scientist --1994-1995
FF6610	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Role of Mathematics in the Exploration of Reality (Comments on a Paper by Herbert A. Simon) -- Aubert -- The American Political Science Review -- 1980
FF6611	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Roles of Recognition Processes and Look-Ahead Search in Time Constrained Expert Problem Solving -- Gobet and Simon -- Psychological Science --1994-1996
 
Box 82 - Continued
FF6612	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Rulers and Bureaucrats (The Changing Theory and Changing Practive of Public Administration)” -- Simon -- The American Political Science Association Meeting -- Contemporary Political Science: Toward Empirical Theory --1965
FF6613	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Rural -Urban Balance Again” -- Simon -- “Remark on Economic Response to Technological Innovation” -- Jones -- Regional Science and Urban Economics -- Paper -- “Urbanizations and Productivity” -- Simon -- 1981
FF6614	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Scientific Discovery as Problem Solving” -- “Scientific Discovery as Problem Solving: Reply to Critics” -- Simon -- International Studies in the Philosophy of Science 6:1 -- 1992
FF6615	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Search for Identity: The Impact of the ‘Great books” in Public” -- Houston -- International Journal of Public Administration 16:5 -- 1993
FF6616	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Search and Reasoning in Problem Solving” -- Simon -- Artificial Intelligence 21 -- 1982-1983
FF6617	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Simon: Discovering the Limits of Human Rationality (Accompaniment to ‘Software Psychology’ Piece)” -- Kearsley -- APA Monitor -- 1981
FF6618	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Simulation” -- Newell and Simon -- The American Mathematical Monthly -- 1964
FF6619	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Simulation of Expert Memory Using EPAM IV” -- Richman, Stazewski, and Simon -- Psychological Review -- 1993-1995, 1998
Box 83
Publications

FF6620	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Situated Action: A Symbolic Interpretation” -- Vera and Simon -- Cognitive Science -- 1991-1992
FF6621	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Size Distribution of Business Firms” -- Bonini and Simon -- American Economic Review -- 1958, 1962
FF6622	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Social Selection and Successful Altruism: Reply to Oded Stark” -- Simon “ A Mechanism for Social Selection and Successful Altruism” -- Stark -- Science -- 1992
FF6623	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Some Distributions Associated with Bose Einstein Statistics” -- Simon and Ijiri -- Proceedings of the NAS -- “The Rank-Frequency From of Zips Law” -- Hill -- Journal of the American Statistical Association -- Review -- 1973
FF6624	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Some Monte Carlo Estimates of the Yule Distribution” -- Simon and Van Wormer -- Behavioral Science -- “A Stochastic Model for Word Association Tests” -- Horvath -- 1961-1963
FF6625	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The State of American Political Science: Professor Lowi’s View of Our Discipline” -- Simon -- PS: Political Science and Politics -- 1991
 
Box 83 - Continued
FF6626	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Strategy and Organization Evolution” -- Simon -- Strategic Management Journal -- 1993-1994
FF6627	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “A Study of How Individuals Solve Complex and Ill-Structured Problems” -- Fernandez and Simon -- Policy Sciences -- April 25, 1999
FF6628	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Studying Scientific Discovery by Computer Simulation” -- Bradshaw, Langley, Simon -- Science -- 1983-1984
FF6629	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Surrogates for Uncertain Decision Problems: Minimal Information for Decision-Making” -- Reiter -- Econometrica -- “Reply: Surrogates for Uncertain Decision Problems” --Simon -- 1955-1956
FF6630	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Technology and Environment” -- Simon -- Management Science 19:10 -- 1972-1973
FF6631	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Thinking, Recognizing, and Learning as Information Processes” -- Jing and Simon -- Proceedings of the XXIV International Congress of Psychology -- 1987-1989
FF6632	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Trial and Error Search is Solving Difficult Problems” -- Simon and Simon -- Behavioral Science -- 1962-1964
FF6633	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Unclad Emperors (Reply to Neal Koblitz, ‘A Tale Three Equations’)” -- “The Emperor Still Unclad (Second Reply)” -- “Final Reply to Kobiltz” -- Reply to Letters to the Editor by Weintraub, MacLane -- Reply to Letters to the Editor by Aubert, Todorow, Lazarus -- Simon -- The Mathematical Intelligencer -- 1987-1998
FF6634	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Understanding Process: Problems Isomorphs” -- Simon and Hayes -- Cognitive Psychology -- 1975
FF6635	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Understanding the Processes of Science: The Psychology of Scientific Discovery” -- Simon -- Progress in Science and Its Social Conditions -- 1983
FF6636	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Unity of the Arts and Sciences: The Psychology of Thought and Discovery” -- Simon -- Bulletin --1981
FF6637	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Universal Barnard: His Micro Theories of Organizational Behavior” -- Mitchell and Scott -- Discussion Pieces for the Barnard Society, USA -- N.D.
FF6638	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Use of Information Processing Languages in Psychology” -- Simon -- Les Modeles Et La Formalisation Du Comportement (Colloque International C.N.R.S.) -- 1964-1967
FF6639	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Using Cognitive Science to Solve Human Problems” -- Simon -- Federation of Behavioral, Psychological and Cognitive Sciences: Using Psychological Science, Making the Public Case -- 1986
FF6640	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Verbal Reports as Data” -- Ericsson and Simon -- Psychological Review -- 1978-1980
FF6641	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Verbal Reports on Thinking” -- Ericsson and Simon -- Introduction in Second Language Research -- Comunicazioni Scientifiche Di Psicologia General -- 1986, 1994-1995
FF6642	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “What Computers Mean for Man and Society” -- Simon -- Science -- 1976-1977
 
Box 83 - Continued
FF6643	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “What Makes Some Problems Really Hard:  Explorations in the Problem Space of Difficulty” -- Kotovsky and Simon -- Cognitive Psychology -- 1988-1989
FF6644	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “What is an “Explanation” of Behavior” -- Simon -- Psychological Science -- 1991-1992
FF6645	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “What is Computer Science?” -- Newell, Perlis, and Simon -- Science -- 1967
FF6646	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “What We Know about Learning” -- Simon -- Journal of Engineering Education -- 1996-1998
FF6647	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Whether Software Engineering Needs to be Artificially Intelligent” -- Simon -- IEEE -- 1986
FF6648	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Why Public Administration?” -- Simon -- Public Administration Review -- 1996-1997
FF6649	Simon, Herbert A. -- Memorandum -- Alan Kennedy -- 1993
FF6650	Simon, Herbert A. -- Memorandum -- Stanford A.I. Project -- Revisions to Stanford A.I. Memo No. 52 -- N.D.
FF6651	Simon, Herbert A. -- Memorial -- “Jacob Marschak-Memorials and Reminiscences” -- Hirshleifer and Marschak, eds. -- May 1978
FF6652	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Memorial -- “Remembering Ted Newcomb (1903-1984)” -- Author Unknown -- University of Michigan -- 1985
FF6653	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Memorial -- “A Tribute to Herbert A. Simon” -- Programme -- March 19, 2001
FF6654	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- “As Others See Carnegie Mellon” -- U.S. News & World Report -- Fall 1983
FF6655	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- Bottomline 15:1 -- 1988
FF6656	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- Bulletin 14:3 -- The American Academy of Arts and Sciences -- December 1960
FF6657	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- Carta-Leon Desde Washington Sobre Administracion De Recursos Humnos 6:5 -- October 1987
FF6658	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- Computing News 190, 9:3 -- February 1961
FF6659	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- Focus 22:5 -- February 1961
FF6660	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- The Jerome Levy Economic Institute of Bard College Report -- November 1992
FF6661	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- National Bureau of Statistics Technical News Bulletin 37:11 -- November 1953
FF6662	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- NBER Reporter -- 1992-1993
FF6663	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- News, Carnegie Mellon University 4:39 -- June 1994
FF6664	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- Problem Solving 5:2 -- February 1983
FF6665	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- Public Administration Times -- January 1, 1987
FF6666	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- S.E.T. Free -- October 1983
 
Box 83 - Continued
FF6667	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- Why Reorganization? -- American Psychological Association -- N.D.
FF6668	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notes -- “Godel’s Theorem” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF6669	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notes -- “Local Government” --Simon -- Nine 6x4 Index Cards -- N.D.
FF6670	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notes -- “A Note on the Causes of Productivity Increase” --Simon -- 1984
FF6671	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notes -- “A Note on Subsets of Complete Systems of Equations” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF6672	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notes -- “Notes for Chapter for Klahr, Langley, Neches Volume” -- Ohlson and Simon -- August 16, 1982
FF6673	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notes -- “Notes on Machines: II. Beyond Computable Functions” -- Simon -- October 6, 1991
FF6674	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notes -- “Preliminary Notes for Chapter on Formal Models in Psychology” -- Simon -- August 19, 1982
FF6675	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Obituary -- “Allen Newell, 65; Scientist Founded a Computing Field” -- Lambert -- The New York Times -- July 20, 1992
FF6676	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Obituary -- “Allen Newell (1927-1992)” --Simon -- American Psychologist -- 1993
FF6677	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Obituary -- “Allen Newell: Pennsylvania, Pittsburgh” -- Author Unknown -- New York Times -- July 20, 1992
FF6678	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Obituary -- “Computer Pioneer Allen Newell Dies” -- Author Unknown -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- July 20, 1992
FF6679	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Obituary -- “Computer and Psychological Scientist Allen Newell (1927-1992)” -- Author Unknown -- APS Observer -- September 1992
FF6680	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Obituary -- “In Memoriam: Allen Newell” -- Siklossy -- “Allen Newell et les Debuts de I’Intelligence Artificielle” -- Pitrat -- Bulletin De L’Afia -- November 1992
FF6681	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Obituary -- “Herbert A. Simon Dies at 84, A Man for Many Field” -- “Youthful Days’ End for University” -- Akin -- “Faculty Remember ‘One Terrific Guy’” --Davidson -- Focus 30:3 -- February 2001
FF6682	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Obituary --“Herbert Simon, Esteemed University Professor and Nobel Prize Winner, Passes Away at Age Eighty-Four” -- Harshawat and Gupta -- Tartan -- February 12, 2001
FF6683	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Obituary -- “Lesis Dexter” -- Braybrooke and Simon -- Political Science and Politics -- 1995
FF6684	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Outline -- “AI Approaches to PS and Clinical Diagnosis” -- Simon -- 1978
FF6685	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Outline -- “Consequences of the Computer-Centered Technology” -- Simon -- Notes -- N.D. 
FF6686	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Outline -- “Economics of Bounded Rationality” -- Simon -- Introduction -- Bibliography -- N.D. 
FF6687	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Outline -- “Experts from Novices” -- Simon -- 1993

 
Box 83 - Continued
FF6688	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Outline -- “Exploring the Human Mind by Computer” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF6689	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Outline -- “Professor H.A. Simon: The Genius of Contemporary Cognitive Science” -- Chen -- 1995
FF6690	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Outline -- “Towards Defining the Problem of Representation for Problem Solving” --Allen, Newell, and Simon -- 1996
FF6691	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Analysis of Human Problem Solving Tasks” -- Miller -- February 1968
FF6692	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “An Appraisal of Some Inter-Group Conflict and Communication in a Firm” -- Balash -- 1951
FF6693	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Basis for One-Dimensional Diagrammatic Low Induction” -- Cheng and Simon -- October 1992
FF6694	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Bayes Solution for Non-Sequential Decision Problem” -- Simon -- 1954-1955
FF6695	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Beijing, June 1989” -- Simon -- July 29, 1989
FF6696	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Bringing Science and Technology to Bear on Public Policy Decisions” -- Simon -- November 17, 1975
FF6697	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Causal Mechanisms for a Simple Physical Situation” -- Simon and Druzdzel -- November 23, 1992
FF6698	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Causal Ordering and Causal Discovery” -- Druzdzel and Simon -- March 1, 1996
FF6699	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “City Size Distributions in the Absence of Rural-Urban Migration” -- Ijiri and Simon -- February 11, 1974
FF6700	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “CMU Model Brief Description and Operation Instructions” -- Simon -- January 6, 1992
FF6701	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Cognitive and Industrial Psychology in the PRC” -- Simon -- February 3, 1981
FF6702	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Confirmation and Discovery: A Reinterpretation of Bootstrap Concept” --Simon -- 1984
FF6703	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Continuity Conditions of Preference Ordering” -- Yokoyama -- N.D. 
FF6704	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Contract Responsibility in the Management of Chinese Enterprises: Views of Foreign Experts, 12-16, 1987 Summarized by Herbert A. Simon” -- Simon -- 1987
FF6705	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Correlation Coefficients and Regression Coefficients” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF6706	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Decision Rules for Production and Inventory Controls with Probability Forecasts of Sales” -- Simon -- January 5, 1954
FF6707	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Deconstructing Deconstruction” -- March and Simon -- N.D. 
FF6708	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Definition of ‘Analytic’ in General Syntax” -- Simon -- August 1, 1937


 
Box 83 - Continued
FF6709	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Determinants of State and Local Expenditures” -- Bird -- December 1969
FF6710	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Different Planning Approaches Used by Artificial Intelligence System” -- Pfefferkorn and Simon -- May 1973
FF6711	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Doctoral Programs in GSIA: A White Paper” -- Simon -- April 5, 1992
FF6712	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- The Economic Effect of Automation” -- Simon -- N.D. 
Box 84
Publications

FF6713	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Economics and Psychology” -- Simon -- May 10, 1986
FF6714	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Economics at CMU: An Opportunity for Undergraduate Instruction at CMU” -- Simon -- April 19, 1992
FF6715	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Effects of Presentation Rate, Substitution, and Mode of Response in Paired Associate Learning” -- Gregg, Cheznoff, Feigenbaum, and Laughery -- 1960
FF6716	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Empirical Explorations of a Hypothesis-Testing
FF6717	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Extensions of  the Heuristic Computer” -- Simon -- RAND Corporation -- 1962
FF6718	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Firm Size Distributions and the Occupancy Problem in Statistical Mechanics” -- Ijiri -- 1977
FF6719	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Formal Assessment of Problem-Solving and Planning Processes in Preschool Children” -- Klahr and Robinson -- May 8, 1980
FF6720	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Fitness Requirements for Scientific Theories Containing Recursive Theoretical Terms” -- Shen and Simon -- January 28, 1980
FF6721	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Generalized Interpretation of Regression Coefficients” -- Simon -- October 1, 1938
FF6722	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Goals and Plans in a Program for Playing Go” -- Reitman, Kerwin, Nado, Reitman, and Wilcox -- University of Michigan -- April 1974
FF6723	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Heuristic Compiler as a Task Environment for the General Problem Solver” -- Caviness -- 1963
FF6724	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Hierarchical and Heuristic Problem-Solving in Elementary Algebra” -- Fujita and Nishida -- N.D.
FF6725	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Imagery as Process Representation in Problem-Solving” -- Qin and Simon -- Correspondence -- 1991-1992
FF6726	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Industrial Management as a Profession” -- Simon -- April 22, 1952
FF6727	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Interdisciplinary Work in Science” -- Simon -- April 1986
 
Box 84 - Continued
FF6728	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Introduction to Festschrift for Herbert A. Simon” -- Prescott -- June 1977
FF6729	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Irregular Primes and Integrality Theorems for Manifolds” -- Frank -- N.D.
FF6730	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “J.R. Commons and H.A. Simon: A Neglected Legacy” -- Forest and Mahier -- Correspondence -- 1998	
FF6731	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Learning Buoyant Force from Examples by Doing” -- Author Unknown -- Outline -- N.D.
FF6732	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Language Prefabs and Habitual Thought” -- Wang -- July 24, 1989
FF6733	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Learning More by Error than by Trial: The Architect’s Construing of Space” -- Glanville -- 1977
FF6734	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Making Tacit Knowledge Explicit: How Knowledge Assets Matter for Information” -- Skinner -- Abstract -- 1996
FF6735	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Management  of Productive Enterprise” -- Simon -- October 2, 1987
FF6736	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Meaning of the Church-Turing Thesis for Symbolic Computation” -- Simon -- June, 26-28, 1990
FF6737	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Modern Organization Theories” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF6738	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Multi-Level Organization for Problem-Solving Using Many Diverse Cooperating Sources of Knowledge” -- Erman and Lesser -- March 1975
FF6739	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Nature on Mathematical Intuition” -- Simon -- Correspondence -- 1997
FF6740	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “New Organizational Designs: Their Impact on People” -- Simon -- September 4, 1977
FF6741	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Note on Certainty Equivalence in Dynamic Planning” -- Theil -- Correspondence -- 1956
FF6742	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Note on a Note on the Cobb-Douglas Function” -- Simon -- March 19, 1965
FF6743	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “On the Comparison of Abraham Maslow and Herbert Simon” -- Alderfer -- Draft -- N.D.
FF6744	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “On Content Analysis” -- Leiter and Pool -- September 1, 1942
FF6745	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “On Literary Criticism as Information Processing” -- Simon -- Correspondence -- February 21, 1988
FF6746	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “On the Organization of Thought” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF6747	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “On the Relations Between a Heuristic and an Exact Production Decision Rule” -- Modigliani and Simon -- June 15, 1954
FF6748	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “On Simulating Simon: His Monomania and It’s Sources in Bounded Rationality” -- Author Unknown -- 2001
FF6749	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “On a Theoretical and Empirical Basis of Macroeconometric Models” -- Ando -- October 1978
 
Box 84 - Continued
FF6750	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Political Research: The Decision Making Framework” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF6751	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Predicting the Effects of Time and Rate of Supervisory Succession Upon Group Performance” -- Garfinkel -- N.D.
FF6752	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Preliminary Study in Computer-Aided Leal Analysis” -- Meldman -- Project Mac, MIT -- 1975
FF6753	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Problem of Practicability in Applied Political Science” -- Simon -- Correspondence -- November 29, 1948
FF6754	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Properties of the Yule Distribution” -- Ijiri and Simon -- N.D.
FF6755	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Randomness of Rational Expectations: A Perspective on Sargent’s Early Incentives -- Sent -- N.D.
FF6756	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Rationality” -- Simon -- 1957
FF6757	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Reasoning with Ordinal Numbers” -- Simon -- Correspondence -- July 31, 1987
FF6758	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Reasons for Rejecting Radical Behaviorism” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF6759	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Recasting Mutation as Analogy: A Cognitive Perspective on Evolutionary Economics” -- Skinner -- N.D.
FF6760	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Reflections on the Revolution of Our Times” -- Simon -- Correspondence -- September 7, 1970
FF6761	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “the Relative Strength of Middle-Sized Firms and the Curvature in Firm-Size Distributions” -- Ijiri and Simon -- 1972
FF6762	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Relativity: The Meaning of X” -- Qin and Simon -- Correspondence -- 1992
FF6763	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Reply to Professor Gribble” -- Chase and Simon -- Correspondence -- 1973
FF6764	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- The Role of Assumptions in Causal Discovery” -- Simon and Druzdel -- March 1, 1996
FF6765	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Rules vs. Examples in Problem Solving: Decoding Korean Sentences” -- Simon -- Correspondence and Reviews -- April 29, 1998
FF6766	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Russian Program for a Chess-Playing Computer” -- Toumanov -- January 10, 1962
FF6767	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Sargent versus Simon” -- Sent -- May 20, 1995 
FF6768	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- The Scientific and Social Ricks and Gains of Computer Technologies” -- Licklider -- February 7, 1967
FF6769	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Self-Defeating Predicitons and the Fixed-Point Theorem: A Refutation” -- Ofsti and Osterburg -- N.D.
FF6770	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Simulation of Cognitive Processes” -- Simon -- Abstract -- N.D.
FF6771	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Situated Action and Soar” -- Newell -- April 29, 1991
 
Box 84 - Continued
FF6772	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Shape of Organizations” -- Simon -- Correspondence -- 1973-1976
FF6773	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “ The Social Basis for Self-Evaluation” -- Festinger --N.D.
FF6774	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Some Applications of Matrices and Graphs to the Study of Systems of Functional Relationships” -- Simon -- 1953
FF6775	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Some Observations on Complex Systems” -- Simon -- February 14, 1956
FF6776	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Some Trivial But Useful Mathematics” -- Simon -- Correspondence -- 1987-1988
FF6777	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Task Structure and Subject Strategies as Determinists of Latencies” -- Gerritson, Gregg, and Simon -- Correspondence -- 1974-1975
FF6778	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Time Measures of Implicit Information Processing a a Function of Task Complexity” -- Gregg and Olshavsky -- July 1, 1966
FF6779	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Theory of Composite Goods Concerning Commodity Spectra” -- Yokoyama -- N.D.
FF6780	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- Title Unknown -- Work on Numerals -- Author Unknown -- N.D.
FF6781	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Translation of the Simon Employment Relationship Theory Into the Krukal-Newell Language” -- Keen -- December 29, 1950
FF6782	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Une Approche Psychosociale des Conditions de Vie au Travail, a la Lumiere de la Pensee de H.A. Simon” -- Demailly and Duche -- December 1979
FF6783	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Urban Redevelopment” -- Simon -- N.D. 
FF6784	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Very Personal History” -- Miller -- Correspondence -- 1979-1980
FF6785	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper Review -- “Views and Comments on Experimental Work at the Universtiy of Frankfurt on Bounded Rationality” -- Tietz -- October 1990
FF6786	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper Review -- “Creating a Thinking Computer” -- Nespoli -- Review by Simon -- 1990 
FF6787	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Preface -- “Ramsey-Elimnability and the Testability of Scientific Theories” -- Groen and Simon -- Review by Niniluoto -- 1972
FF6788	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Preface -- Collection of Essays on Jacob Marschak -- Radner -- Draft -- N.D. 
FF6789	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Preface -- Colleciton of Selected Simon Papers (Hungarian Editor) -- Simon -- 1981-1982
FF6790	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Preface -- “Editorial Preface” -- Cohen and Wartofsky -- Boston Studies -- N.D. 
FF6791	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Preface -- “Handbook of Behavioral Economics” by Gilad and Kaish -- Simon -- 1983-1984
FF6792	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Preface -- The History of Birtish India -- Mill -- 1975
 
Box 84 - Continued
FF6793	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Preface -- Polish Edition to Administrative Behavior -- Simon -- May 1975
FF6794	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Preface -- La Nouvelle Theorie Institutionelle De L’Enterprise by Gabrie and Jacquier -- Simon -- 1994
FF6795	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Preface -- (French Translation) -- Simon --Book Unknown -- 1985
FF6796	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Press Release -- “CMU Nobel Laureate Herbert A. Simon Recieves Dow Jones Education Award” -- April 1983
FF6797	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Press Release -- “Computers Now Imitate People With Problems” -- “Computer Simulates How Humans Think” -- “Chess-Playing Machine Described by Scientist” -- Correspondence -- 1958-1961
FF6798	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Press Release -- “Control Data Computer Installation University of Texas at Austin” -- Author Unknown -- Control Data Corporation -- April 1961
FF6799	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Press Release -- “Focus on Behavior” -- Allison -- WQED -- September 1963
FF6800	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Proposal -- “Unified Mechanism for Knowledge Discovery: Large-Scale Theory Formation from Exciting Databases Automated Experiments and Robotics” -- Zytkow -- Correspondence -- 1995
FF6801	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Approaches to the Bargaining Problem Before and After the Theory of Games” -- Harsanyi -- Review by Simon -- 1955
FF6802	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Automatic Theorem Proving with Renamable and Sematic Resolution” -- Slagle -- Review by Simon -- Journal of the Association for Computing Machinery --- 1966-1967
FF6803	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Children’s Group of Object Structure” -- Author Unknown -- Reviewed by Simon --Child Development -- 1997
FF6804	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “The Distribution of Creativity” -- Walberg and Arian -- Review by Simon -- Encyclopedia of Creativity -- 1997
FF6805	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “The Experienced Continuations of Some Three Dimensional Forms” -- Johansen -- Review by Simon -- Nordisk Psykologi 9:1 -- 1957
FF6806	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Explaning Disease” -- Thagard -- Review by Simon and Wilson -- Minds and Machines (Special Issue) -- 1997
FF6807	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Explorations with a Discrimination Net Model for Paired Associate Learning” -- Hintzman -- Review by Simon -- Journal of Mathematical Psychology -- 1966-1967

Box 85
Publications

FF6808	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- Four Papers on Short Term Memory (STM) with Chinese Idiograms -- Simon, Bolin, Wuitan, Guojun, Chiceng, Ruixiang -- Tzeng -- Memory and Cognition -- 1984-1985
 
Box 85 - Continued
FF6809	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Limited Autonomy: On the Prudence of Cooperation in the Prisoners Dilemma” -- Thalos -- Review by Simon -- Behavioral and Brain Sciences -- 1999
FF6810	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- Logic, Computing Machines, and Automation -- Hilton -- Mathematics and Psychology -- Miller -- Review by Simon -- 1964
FF6811	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- Manuscript by Cowan -- Review by Frensch -- Behavioral and Brain Sciences -- 1999
FF6812	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “The Mathematical Bases for Qualitive Reasoning -- Iwasaki, Kalagnanam, Simon -- Artificial Intelligence Journal -- 1990-1991
FF6813	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “A Model of Social Selection and Successful Altruism”-- Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Science -- 1990
FF6814	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Models of Competence” -- Larkin, Newell, and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- Cognitive Science -- 1980
FF6815	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “A New Look at the Veridicality of Verbal Data” -- Kuhberger -- Review by Simon, Ericsson -- Cognitive Psychology -- 2000
FF6816	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Newtonian Space: The Fundamental Concept Underlying Newell (1990) and Simon (1996) Information Processing View of Mind” -- Downes -- Review by Simon, Bridgeman, Geary -- Psycoloquy -- 2000
FF6817	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “On the Evolutionary Emergence of Social Behavior -- Jaffee -- Nature -- 1999
FF6818	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “On Ignoring Motivation: A Reply to Gobet and Simon” -- Kihlstrom -- Review by Simon -- 1998-1999
FF6819	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Out of the Shadow: The Role of Human Agency in Technology” -- Author Unknown -- Review by Simon -- Administrative Science Quarterly -- 1998
FF6820	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “A Pure Theory of Altruism” -- Kahil -- Review by Simon -- Behavioral and Brain Sciences -- 2000
FF6821	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Psychology of Chess” -- Gobet -- Review by Simon -- MITECS -- 1997
FF6822	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Recall v. Position Evaluation Revisited: The Importance of Position Specific Memory in Chess Skill” -- Schultetus and Charness -- Review by Simon -- The American Journal of Psychology -- 1997
FF6823	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Role of Presentation Time in Recall of Game and Random Chess Positions” -- Gobet and Simon -- Review by Dixon -- Memory and Cognition -- 1995
FF6824	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Scientific Discovery in Chinese Phonetics: A Machine Learning Perspective” -- Bournaud and Zucker -- Review by Simon -- International Journal of Human Computer Studies on Mahcchine Discovery -- 1999
FF6825	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Some Comments on Daniel Crevier” -- Review by Simon -- History of A.I. -- May 12, 1998
 
Box 85 - Continued
FF6826	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Studies of Scientific Discovery: Complimentary Approaches and Convergent Findings” -- Klahr and Simon -- Review by Tweney -- Psychological Bulletin -- 1998
FF6827	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reference Material -- Algebra Word Problems (Unpublished Paper) -- Hayes, Minsky, and Simon -- Notes -- Outline -- Article -- 1970, 1975, 1979
FF6828	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reference Material -- Creativity Related Articles -- 1966
FF6829	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reference Material -- EPAM Related Articles -- Notes -- 1961-1964, 1967, 1984
FF6830	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reference Material -- Mind - Essays in Psychology -- Articles -- Notes -- 1965, 1973-1974, 1976
FF6831	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reference Material -- Perception-Related Articles -- 1967, 1969, 1973
FF6832	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reference Material -- Physics Problem-Solving -- Handouts -- Notes (Folder 1) -- 1977-1980
FF6833	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reference Material -- Physics Problem-Solving -- Handouts -- Computer Printouts -- (Folder 2) -- 1974-1980
FF6834	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reference Material -- Sequential Patterns -- Related Articles -- Bibliography -- 1963, 1968, 1972-1973
FF6835	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Reference Material -- Theory-Related Articles -- 1972, 1974, 1978
FF6836	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Achieving Several Goals Simultaneously” -- Waldinger -- Stanford Research Institute -- July 1975
FF6837	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “An Artificial Intelligence Approach to Machine Translation” -- Wilks -- Stanford Artificial Intelligence Project -- February 1972
FF6838	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Arsebrattelse: Bulletin De La Societe Royale Des Lettres De Lund 1967-1968” -- 1968
FF6839	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Biased Eukaryotic Gene Regulation Rules Suggest Genome Behavior is Near Edge of Chaos” -- Harris, Sawhill, Wuensche, and Kauffman -- Santa Fe Institute -- N.D. 
FF6840	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Design Synthetic Reasoning” -- Kannapan and Marshek -- The University of Texas at Austin -- September 1989
FF6841	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Determination of Span of Control” -- Biesecker -- N.D. 
FF6842	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “A Skimmable Report on the ELIZA Conversational Tutoring System” -- Taylor -- MIT -- March 1968
FF6843	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Experiments in Search” -- Siklossy and Marinov -- The University of Texas at Austin -- April 1971
FF6844	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- Explanation Capabilities of Production-Based Consultation Systems” -- Scott, Clancey, Davis & Shortliffe -- Stanford University -- February 1977
 
Box 85 - Continued
FF6845	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Exploring Episodic Structure of Alegbra Story Problem Solving” -- Hall, Kibler, Wenger, Truxaw -- University of California Irvine -- December 12, 1988
FF6846	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report --“Exploring Episodic Structure of Algebra Story Problem Solving” -- Hall, Kibler, Wenger, Truxaw -- University of California Irvine -- December 12, 1988
FF6847	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “A Filter for a Machine Induction System” -- Waterman -- Stanford University -- January 5, 1966
FF6848	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “A Hierarchy -- Driven Robot Planner Which Generates Its Own Procedures” -- Siklossy and Dreussi  -- University of Texas at Austin -- February 1973
FF6849	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Intention, Memory, and Computer Understanding” -- Schank -- Stanford University -- January 1971
FF6850	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Inter-Experimenter Reliability and the Role of Number of Response Alternatives” -- Neimark -- December 1963
FF6851	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Learning = Interpretation + Generalization: A Case Study in Knowledge Directed Learning” -- Soloway -- University of Massachusetts at Amberst -- July 1978
FF6852	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Machine Learning of Heuristics” -- Waterman -- Stanford University -- 1968
FF6853	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “A Model of Concept Learning” -- Sherman -- Case Western Reserve-University -- June 1968
FF6854	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Modeled Exploration by Robot” -- Siklossy -- April 1972
FF6855	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Namer: A Pattern-Recognition System for Generating Sentences About Relations Between Line Drawings” -- Simmons and Londe -- June 5, 1964
FF6856	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “The New Look: The Ford Foundation and the Revolution in Business Education” -- Schlossman, Sedlak, Wechsler -- December 1987
FF6857	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “One Small Head -- Some Remarks on the Use of Model in Linguistics” -- Wilks -- December 1971
FF6858	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “The Representation of Algorithms” -- Shapiro and Saint -- Applied Data Research, Inc. -- September 1969
FF6859	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “The Role of Visual Imagery in Geometry Theorem Proving” -- Kim -- 1988
FF6860	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “SAM - A Story Understander” -- Schank -- Yale University -- August 1975
FF6861	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “The Relevance of Relevance” -- Shapiro and Wand -- Indiana University -- March 1976
FF6862	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Understanding Objects from Slices” -- Soroka -- March 1979
FF6863	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Views of Artificial Intelligence” -- Siklossy -- University of California, Irvine -- March 1970
 
Box 86
Publications

FF6864	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Speech -- “Can There Be a Science of Complex Systems?” -- Simon --September 25, 1977
FF6865	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Speech -- “Can There Be a Science of Public Administration?” -- Simon -- N.D. 
FF6866	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Speech -- “A Catechism for the U.S. Economy” -- Simon -- 1993
FF6867	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Speech -- “Do Unto Others: Is Altruism Compatible with Darwinian Evolution?” -- Simon -- August 8, 1993
FF6868	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Speech -- “Information Systems for Business Planning Under Uncertainty” -- Simon -- September 5, 1977
FF6869	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Speech --“Prometheus Unbound” -- Simon -- Draft -- Correspondence -- 1969-1970
FF6870	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Speech -- “Resolving Conflicts by Creative Behavior” --Simon -- N.D. 
FF6871	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Speech -- “Some Comments on Management Training in India” -- Simon -- Correspondence -- 1960
FF6872	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Speech -- “Statement of Herbert A. Simon” -- Simon -- Hearing on Motor Vehicle Pollution Control -- May 1971
FF6873	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Speech -- “Testimony of Herbert A. Simon: Senate Resolution 78, to Establish a Committee on Technology and the Human Environment” -- Simon -- Correspondence -- 1969
FF6874	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Speech -- “Testimony: Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Technology” -- Simon -- Correspondence -- Transcript -- 1989
FF6875	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Speech -- “Unity of the Arts and Sciences: The Psychology of Thought and Discovery” -- Simon -- National Academy of Sciences -- N.D. 
FF6876	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Statement -- “Citation for Herbert A. Simon” -- National Medal of Science Award -- Biography -- 1976
FF6877	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Statistics -- “Some Statistics on Sales and Longevity” -- Simon -- N.D. 
FF6878	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Summaries of Papers: The Axiomatic Method -- “Definable Terms and Primitives in Deductive Systems” -- Simon -- University of California, Berkeley -- 1958
FF6879	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Syllabus -- “Behavioral Decision Making’s Philosophy of Science” -- Fischhoff and Mottterlini -- Correspondence -- November 22, 2000
FF6880	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Table of Contents -- “Human Cognitive Processes” -- Simon -- 1977
FF6881	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Table of Contents -- “The Intellectual Legacy of Herbert A. Simon in Economics” -- Earl, ed. -- Correspondence -- 1996-2000
FF6882	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Thesis -- “Answering Questions About Processes” -- Scragg -- University of California at San Diego -- 1974
 
Box 86 - Continued
FF6883	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Thesis -- “Enterprise-Directed Reasoning: Opportunism and Deliberation in Creative Reasoning” -- Simina -- Georgia Institute of Technology -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF6884	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Thesis -- “Feature Extraction and Representation for Pattern Recognition and the Game of Go” -- Zobrist -- University of Wisconsin -- 1970
FF6885	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Thesis -- “A Model of Rational Behavior Combining Processes and Consequences” -- Le Menestrel -- Abstract and Correspondence -- 1999
FF6886	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Thesis -- Untitled Dissertation -- Heffernan -- N.D. 
FF6887	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Thesis -- Untitled Dissertation -- Lafon -- January 9, 2001
FF6888	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Transcript -- American Political Association Conference -- Correspondence -- 1996-1999
FF6889	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Abstract -- Adaptation Theory of the Firm -- Seuermann and Selten -- Investment Behavior Observed in A Business Game -- Selten -- N.D. 
FF6890	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Abstract -- The Discovery of the Artificial -- Cordechi -- 1999
FF6891	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Abstract -- “The Discovery of Magnetic Induction of Current; The Interplay of Phenomena and Concepts -- Simon -- History of Science Society -- November 4-7, 1999
FF6892	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Abstract -- “From Data to Regularity: Scientific Discovery Systems” -- Yitato -- N.D. 
FF6893	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Abstract -- “Question-Answering and Problem-Solving Techniques” -- Sandewall -- “Abstracts of Uppsala Dissertations in Science” -- 1969
FF6894	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Agent-Based Computational Models and Generative Social Science” -- Epstein -- Complexity 4:5 -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF6895	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Analysis of Unconventional Evolved Electronics” -- Layzell and Thompson -- Communications of the ACM 42:4 -- April 1999
FF6896	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Answering the Connectionist Challenge: A Symbolic Model of Learning the Past Tenses of English Verbs” -- Ling and Marinov -- Cognition 49 -- 1993
FF6897	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Assumptions of Aristocracy” -- Merriam --The American Journal of Sociology 43:6 -- May 1938
FF6898	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Assumptions of Democracy” -- Merriam -- Political Science Quarterly 53:3 -- September 1958
FF6899	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “An Aural Approach to Orchestration” -- Kohs -- The Musical Mercury -- N.D.
FF6900	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Breadth-First Search: Some Surprising Results” -- Marinov, Rich and Siklossy -- Artificial Intelligence 4 -- 1973
 
Box 86 - Continued
FF6901	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Bounds for the Positive Eigenvectors of Nonnegative Matrices and for Their Approximations by Decomposition” -- Courtois and Semal -- Journal of the Association for Computing Machinery 31:4 -- 1984
FF6902	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Carnegie Tech, Personal Finance Spur Nobel Winner” -- Kohn -- The Pittsburgh Press -- October 18, 1990
FF6903	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“CHREST+: How Humans Learn to Solve Problems Using Diagrams” -- Cheng, Gobet, and Lane -- AISB Quarterly -- August 16, 1999
FF6904	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “City Scientists Honored: Contributed in Team Effort to Field of Social Science” -- Pierce -- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette -- March 17, 1971
FF6905	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Classification in Well-Defined and Ill-Defined Categories: Evidence for Common Processing Strategies” -- Caramazza and Martin -- Journal of Experimental Psychology 109:3 -- 1980
FF6906	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “CMU’s Nobel-Winning Simon Sees Computer’s Role Growing” -- Richardson -- Pittsburgh Business Times -- December 10, 1984
FF6907	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “CMU Prof Cited” -- Author Unknown -- N.D. 
FF6908	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Comparative Statistics and the Measurement of Efficiency” -- Simon -- The Municipal Review of Canada 34:2 -- February 1938
FF6909	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “La Computadora en el Campo de la Gerencia” -- Simon -- Competencia 91 -- January 8, 1971
FF6910	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “La Computadora Hoy, Como Antes Un Ford T” -- Author Unknown -- Enfoques Ford 3 -- N.D. 
FF6911	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Computational Architecture for Social Agents” -- Bond -- Proceedings of Intelligent Systems: A Semiotic Perspective,  An International Multi-Disciplinary Conference -- 1996
FF6912	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Computational Study of Cross-Situational Techniques for Learning Word-To-Meaning Mappings” -- Siskind -- Cognition 61 -- 1996
FF6913	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Declarative Bias in Equation Discovery” -- Todorovski and Dzeroski -- ICML -- 1997
FF6914	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Describing Behavioral States Using a System Model of the Primate Brain” -- Bond -- American Journal of Primatology 49 -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF6915	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Dismal Science Grabs a Counch” -- Levinson -- Newsweek -- April 10, 1995
FF6916	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Dialogue on the Social Psychology of Colonialism and on Certain Puerto Rican Professional Personality Patterns” -- Dexter -- Human Relations 2:1 -- January 1949
FF6917	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Difference Gel Electrophoresis: A Single Gel Method for Detecting Changes in Protein Extracts” -- Unlu, Morgan, and Minden -- Electophoresis 18 -- 1993
 
Box 86 - Continued
FF6918	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Discovering Dynamics” -- Dzeroski and Todorovski -- ICML -- 1993
FF6919	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Drosophila Embryonic Pattern Repair: How Embryos Respond to Bicoid Dosage Alternation” -- Nama, Pazedera, Cerronne, and Minden -- Development 124 -- 1997
FF6920	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Drosophila Mittotic Domain Boundaries as Cell Fate Boundaries” -- Cambridge, Davis, and Minden -- Science 277 --August 8, 1997
FF6921	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Effects of Financial Incentives in Experiments: A Review and Capital-Labor-Production Framework” -- Camerer and Hogarth -- Journal of Risk and Uncertainty 19:1 -- 1999
FF6922	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Le Eresie Scientifiche Contemporanee” -- Pasternak -- Montedison Progetto Cultura 2:8 -- 1987
FF6923	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Zum Stellenwert der Arbeiten von Herbert A. Simon fur die Informatik” -- Fischer and Kling -- Angewandte Informatik -- June 1980
FF6924	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Finding Resolution Proofs and Using Duplicate Goals in And/or Trees” -- Slagle and Koniver -- Information Sciences 3:1 -- 1971
FF6925	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Folk-Ways of a Scientific Sociology”-- Ogburn -- The Scientific Monthly 30 -- April 1930
FF6926	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Le Fonctionnement Cognitif: Qu’y A-T Il eu Depuis Human Problem Solving de Newell et Simon?” -- Nguyen Xuan -- Bulletin De Pscyhologie 32:340 -- N.D.
FF6927	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Future of Information Processing Technology” -- Simon -- Management Science 14:9 -- May 1968
FF6928	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A General Model for the Structure and Allometry of Plant Vascular Systems” -- West, Brown, and Enquist -- Nature 400 --August 12, 1999
FF6929	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Genes, Memes, and Cultural Heredity” -- Wimsatt -- Biology & Philosophy 14:2 -- April 1999
FF6930	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Genome Complexity, Robustness and Genetic Interactions in Digital Organisms” -- Lenski, Ofria, Collier, and Adami -- Nature 400 -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF6931	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Golden Age of Forecasting” -- Glassman -- American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research -- April 1997
FF6932	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Governor’s Awards Honor August Wilson, 2 Proofs” -- Author Unknown -- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette -- May 1, 1990
FF6933	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Grunberg/Modigliani and Simon Possibility Theorem: A Social Psychological Critique” -- Henshel -- The Journal of Socio-Economics 24:3 -- 1995
FF6934	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Habitability” -- Watt -- American Documentation -- July 1968
 
Box 86 - Continued
FF6935	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Hawkins-Simon Conditions” -- Author Unknown -- Trahair, ed. -- From Aristotle to Reganomics: A Dictionary of Eponyms with Biographies in the Social Sciences -- N.D.
FF6936	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Herbert Simon en Buenos Aires” -- Author Unknown -- PAUTA 1:1 -- May 1971
FF6937	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “El Hombre y las Maquinas de Pensar” -- Author Unknown -- PULSO 189 -- December 22, 1970
FF6938	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Hundred Years of Prime Numbers” -- Bateman and Diamond -- The American Mathematical Monthly 103:9 -- November 1996
FF6939	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Indexing and Dependency Logic for Answering English Questions” -- Klein, McConlogue, and Simmons -- American Documentation -- July 1964
FF6940	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Information Can Be Managed” --Simon --Think -- May-June 1967
FF6941	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Inside IBM” -- Lee -- CMU Focus 12:7 -- April 1983
FF6942	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Is Linguistics Psychology?” -- Hagman -- Proof -- 1993
FF6943	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Integration of Motivation” -- Bond and Releigh -- Behavioral and Brain Sciences 22:3 -- Correspondence -- 1993
FF6944	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Interference in Short-Term Memory:  The Magical Number Two (or Three) in Sentence Processing” -- Lewis -- Journal of Psycholinguistic Research 25:1 -- 1996
FF6945	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “El Jardin de Senderos Que se Aceran” -- Lesser -- Competencia 90 -- December 18, 1970
FF6946	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Justifying Public Decisions in Arctic Oil and Gas Development:  American and Russian Approaches” -- Flanders, Brown, Adre’eva, and Larichev -- Arctic 51:3 -- September 1998
FF6947	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Light on Deciding” --Author Unknown -- Business Week -- April 13, 1957
FF6948	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Man’s New Information Environment” -- Simon -- Far Horizons 2:3 -- May 1969
FF6949	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Markets as Evolving Computational Entities” -- Mirowski and Somefun -- Journal of Evolutionary Economics -- 1998
FF6950	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Measuring Market Rationality” -- Thaler -- TIAA CREF Investment Forum -- December 1999
FF6951	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Measuring Public Education” -- Ridley, Simon, and Rybczynski -- The Education Digest 3:7 -- March 1938
FF6952	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Miscellaneous Foreign Language Articles -- 1970-1979
FF6953	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nafplion Revisited” -- Latsis -- Inflation, Institutions and Information: Essays in Honour of Axel Leijonhufud -- Correspondence -- 1996
 
Box 86 - Continued
FF6954	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Near-Complete Decomposability: Bounding The Error by a Stochastic Comparison Method” -- Truffet -- ADV. APPL. PROB. 29 -- 1997
FF6955	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Neurogenesis in the Neocortex of Adult Primates” -- Gould, Reeves, Graziano, Gross -- Science 286 -- October 15, 1999
FF6956	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Laureate Probes Minds with Computer” -- Radolf -- Milwaukee Journal -- October 17, 1979
FF6957	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Nobel Winner Sees Info-Rich World” -- Author Unknown -- The Eccles Annual Review 10:1 -- 1988
FF6958	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Un Novateur Discret le Pere des Sciences de la Decision” -- Crozier -- Le Monde -- October 24, 1978
FF6959	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “L’Ordinateur Libere de Ses Maitres” -- Pasternak -- Publication Unknown -- Correspondence -- 1991
FF6960	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Origins of Insect Metamorphosis” -- Riddiford and Truman -- Nature 401 -- September 30, 1999
FF6961	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Patterned Epidermal Cell Death in Wild-Type and Segment Polarity Mutant Drosphila Embryos” -- Janarban, Minden, and Pazdera -- Development 125 -- 1998
FF6962	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Peek Into the Archives” -- Michalek -- CMU Libraries News: Resources -- April 1989
FF6963	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Planning for Organization and Management” -- Simon -- Public Management 27:4 -- April 1945
FF6964	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Prediction in the Social Sciences” -- Kaplan -- Philosophy of Science 7:4 -- October 1940
FF6965	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Prize for Economic Science in Memory of Alfred Nobel” -- Carlson -- Les Prix Nobel 1978 -- 1979
FF6966	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Programs as Factors of Production” -- Simon -- The Proceeding of the Nineteenth Annual Winter Meeting -- N.D. 
FF6967	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “QWERTY Spells a Saga of Market Economics” -- Gomes -- Wall Street Journal -- February 25, 1998
FF6968	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Saluting the Achievements of the First Century at the Start of the Second” -- Author Unknown -- The APA Daily News -- August 22-23, 1993
FF6969	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Schedule of 1939 League of Wisconsin Municipalities Convention -- The Municipality 32:9 -- September 1937
FF6970	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Durkeim -- University Observer -- Winter 1947
FF6971	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Semantic Networks of English” -- Fellbaum and Miller -- Cognition 41 -- 1991
FF6972	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simultaneous Translation: Idiom Interpretation and Parsing Heuristics -- Carpenter and McDonald -- Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior 20 -- 1981
FF6973	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon Says (1): On Physical Symbol Systems” -- Simon and Tanaka -- Bulletin of Faculty of Letters, Kansai University -- Correspondence -- April 9, 2001 
 
Box 86 - Continued
FF6974	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon Says (2): On Situated Learning” -- Tanaka and Simon -- Bulletin of the Faculty of Letters, Kansai University -- Manuscript -- Correspondence -- 2001 
FF6975	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Sluggish Newspapers in a Turbulent Time” -- Duscha -- The Bulletin of the American Society of Newspaper Editors 530 -- N.D. 
FF6976	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Some Social Implications of Inventions” -- Merriam -- The American Institute Monthly 2:2 -- November 1937
FF6977	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Spanning Over Several Scientific Fields” -- Bo -- Correspondence -- Photographs -- September 5, 1990
FF6978	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “State-Local Relations in City-Planning” -- Simon -- State Government 18:4 -- April 1945
FF6979	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Statisticians and Political Scientists” -- Gosnell -- The American Political Science Review -- 27:3 -- June 1933
FF6980	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Strategic Construction of Fitch-Style Proofs” -- Portoraro -- Studio Logica 60 -- 1998 
FF6981	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Techman Talking” -- Simon-- Technology News -- February 19, 1945
FF6982	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Technology and Complexity” -- Dasgupta -- Philosophica 59:1 -- 1997
FF6983	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Theory of Higher Brain Function” -- Edelman -- The Mindful Brain -- 1978
FF6984	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Two Views on Stock Market Rationality: Putting Human Behavior Into Perspective” -- Lo -- TIAA-CREF Investment Forum -- December 1999
FF6985	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Urbanism” -- Merriam -- The American Journal of Sociology 45:5 -- March 1940
FF6986	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “U.S. Scientists: Geniuses at Work” -- Boslough -- U.S. News and World Report -- September 8, 1980
FF6987	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “War’s Effect on American Civic Administration” -- Simon, Dorthea (A Special Correspondent) -- The Municipal and Local Government Administrator (England) -- 51:2621 -- April 23, 1943
FF6988	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “What’s Burning in Your City?” -- Sharp and Simon -- Public Management -- 24:6 -- Outline -- June 1942
FF6989	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Which Psychologists Prominent in Second Half of the Century Made Contributions to Psychological Theory?” -- Hilgard -- Psychological Science 4.2 -- 1993
FF6990	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Why the Future Doesn’t Need Us” -- Joy -- Wired -- April 2000
FF6991	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Why Markets Aren’t Rational but are Efficient” -- Shalizi -- Santa Fe Institute Bulletin -- 15:1 -- Spring 2000
FF6992	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Yardstick for Utility Regulation” -- Cooper -- Journal of Political Economy 51:3 -- June 1943
 
Box 86 - Continued
FF6993	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Young Infant’s Visual Expectations for Symmetric and Asymmetric Stimulus Sequences” -- Canfield and Haith -- Developmental Psychology -- June 1943
FF6994	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article Review -- “Four Articles on Casual Relations -- Simon and Resecher -- Reviewed by Kenery -- Published in Journal of Symbol Logic -- N.D. 
FF6995	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Bibliography -- Herbert A. Simon -- 1988
FF6996	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Bibliography -- Books by Simon -- 2000
FF6997	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Bibliography -- Lectures -- Papers with Newell -- Chapters in Published CMU Volumes -- Unpublished Works -- 2000
FF6998	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Bibliography -- Publications by Simon 2000
FF6999	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Allen Newell: 1927-1992” -- Simon -- IEEE Annals of the History of Computing -- Correspondence -- 1992, 1996-1998
FF7000	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Biographical Sketch: Herbert A. Simon” -- January 3, 1995

Box 87
Publications

FF7001	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Curriculum Vitae: Herbert Simon” -- Chinese Academy of Sciences -- Correspondence -- 1995	
FF7002	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Dorothea Pye Simon” -- Simon -- Correspondence - 2000
FF7003	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Herbert Alexander Simon” -- Author Unknown -- Correspondence -- Notes -- 1967
FF7004	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Herbert A. Simon” -- Simon -- N.D.
FF7005	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Professor Herbert A. Simon” -- Author Unknown -- N.D.
FF7006	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Simon, Herbert A.” -- Mirjam Sent -- Handbook of Economic Methodology -- 1998
FF7007	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “”Simon, Herbert A.” -- Author Unknown -- The International Who’s Who 1975-1976 -- N.D.
FF7008	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography -- “Simon, Herbert A.” -- Ericsson -- Encyclopedia of Psychology -- Correspondence -- 1997
FF7009	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Attaining Excellence Through Deliberate Practice: Insights From the Study of Expert Performance” -- Ericsson -- The Pursuit of Excellence in Education -- Ferrari, eds. -- Correspondence - September 20, 1999
FF7010	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Automated Language Processing” -- Simmons -- Annual Review of Information Science and Technology -- 1966
FF7011	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Cohabiting the Planet with Computers” -- Simon -- Cohabiting with Computers -- Traub, ed. -- Draft -- 1983-1985
 
Box 87 - Continued
FF7012	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Computers in Psychology” -- Newell and Simon -- Handbook of Mathematical Psychology -- bush, Galanter, and Luce, eds. -- 1960-1964
FF7013	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “The Concept of Comprehension: From Semantics to Software” -- Scriven -- Publication Unknown - ND
FF7014	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “The Consequences of Computers for Centralization and Decentralization” -- Simon -- “Once More: The Computer Revolution” -- Weizenbaum -- Future Impact of Computers: A Twenty Year View -- Dertouzos and Moses, eds. -- 1975-1978
FF7015	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “A Conversation with Harvey Brooks on the Social Sciences, the National Sciences and Public Policy” -- Cohen -- Current Policy Questions -- Draft -- N.D.
FF7016	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Designing Organizations for an Information-Rich World” -- Simon -- Computers, Communications an the Public Interest -- Greenberger, ed. -- Draft -- 1968-1971
FF7017	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “The Early Years: Beginnings of Artificial Intelligence” -- Klahr and Watermann -- Artificial Intelligence: A RAND Perspecitve -- 1985
FF7018	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter --“Explaining the Ineffable: AI on the Topics of Intuition, Insight and Inspiration” -- Simon -- Philosophers at Work -- Cohen, ed. -- Draft -- 1998
FF7019	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Evolution, Learning , and Culture: Computational Metaphors for Adaptive Algorithms” -- Belew -- Complex Systems 4 -- 1990
FF7020	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Foundations of Cognitive Science: Overview” -- Simon and Kaplan -- Foundations of Cognitive Science -- 1986-1989
FF7021	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Herbert Simon” -- Cohen, ed. -- Psychologists on Psychology  - Correspondence -- Notes -- 1990-1995
FF7022	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Hierarchical Organization: A Candidate Principle for Ethology” -- Dawkins -- Growing Points in Ethology -- Bateson and Hinde, eds -- 1976
FF7023	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Imagery and Mental Models in Problem Solving” -- Qin and Simon -- Diagramatic Reasoning -- Preface -- Review -- 1994-1995
FF7024	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “The Levels Approach Toward Cognitive Modeling” -- Simon -- Constructive Knowledge Acquisition: A Computational Model and Experimental Evaluation -- 1997
FF7025	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Mind Matters: Exploring the World of AI” -- Hogan -- Book Excerpt -- Correspondence -- 1996-1997
FF7026	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Reanalysis and Limited Repair Parsing: Leaping off the Garden Path” -- Lewis -- Reanalysis in Sentence Processing -- Ferreira and Fodor, eds. -- 1998
 
Box 87 - Continued
FF7027	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Scientific Approaches to the Question of Consciousness -- Closing Comments” -- Simon -- Scientific Approaches to Consciousness: 25th Carnegie Symposium on Cognition -- Cohen and Schooler, eds. -- 1993-1995
FF7028	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter --“What We Know about the Creative Process (How Understanding Creativity Builds Creative Management)” -- Simon -- Handbook for Creative and Innovative Managers -- Correspondence -- 1985-1987
FF7029	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Scientific Discovery and Creative Reasoning with Diagrams” -- Cheng and Simon -- The Creative Cognition Approach -- Smith, Ward, and Finke, eds. -- 1992-1994
FF7030	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “The Size of Things” -- Simon -- Statistics: A Guide to the Unknown -- 1969-1987
FF7031	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Some Strategic Considerations in the Constitution of Social Science Models” -- Simon -- Mathematical Thinking in the Social Sciences -- Correspondence -- 1951
FF7032	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Thinking Processes” -- Simon and Newell -- Contemporary Development in Mathematical Psychology -- Atkinson, Krantz, Luce, and Suppes, eds. -- 1971-1974
FF7033	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Chapter -- “Towards a Chess Program Based on a Model of Human Memory” -- Gobet and Jansen -- Advances in Computer Chess 7 -- Herik, Herschberg, and Uiterwijk, eds. -- 1994
FF7034	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Draft -- The Science of the Artificial -- Simon -- Outline and Postscript to Russian Translation -- 1958-1977
FF7035	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Excerpt -- “Herbert Simon’s Computational Models of Scientific Discovery” -- Author Unknown -- N.D.
FF7036	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- The Analysis of Complex Socioeconomic Systems -- Albin -- Review by Simon -- Correspondence -- 1977-1978
FF7037	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Art and Illusion -- Gombrick -- Author Unknown (Simon) -- Draft - ND
FF7038	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- The Cognitive Revolution in Psychology -- Baars -- Review by Levin -- Publication Unknown -- June 26, 1987
FF7039	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Cognitive Science in Context: A Historical Perspective -- Boden -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF7040	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- An Empirically Based Microeconomics -- Simon -- Review by Sent -- Published in Journal of the History of Economic Thought 21:4 -- 1999
FF7041	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Management: Its Nature and Significance -- Brech -- Review by Simon -- The Management Review 38:1 -- January 1949
FF7042	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- The Management of Men -- Shuman -- Review by Simon -- Published in Public Personnel Review 10:1 -- January 1949
FF7043	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Models of Man -- Japanese Article -- N.D.
 
Box 87 - Continued
FF7044	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- “A Summary View of the Study” -- Organizing for the Effective Use of Figures in Business -- Simon -- Review by Monteverde -- December 12, 1952 
FF7045	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book Review -- Traces of Eve -- Jones -- Review by Simon -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF7046	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- The Voices of Time: A Cooperative Survey of Man’s Views of Time as Expressed by the Sciences and by the Humanities -- Fraser, ed -- Reviewer Unknown -- Science 152 -- April 29, 1966
FF7047	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Administrative Decision Making” -- March and Simon -- The Great Writings in Management and Organization Behaviour -- 1999
FF7048	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Allen Newell” -- Simon -- Biographical Memoirs 71 (National Academy of Sciences) -- 1995-1996
FF7049	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Basic Income on the Agenda: Policy Objectives and Political Support” -- Groot and Van der Veen -- 1999
FF7050	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Changing Minds: Computers, Learning, and Literacy” -- Di Sessa -- 1999
FF7051	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Commentary on Simon Articles -- University of Chicago -- University of Wisconsin -- 1982-1983
FF7052	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Computable Economics -- Leijonhufvud and Velupillai -- 1995-2000
FF7053	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Dasgapta -- Article -- “The Analysis of the Firm: Rationalism, Conventionalism and Behaviorism” -- Margolis -- The Journal of Business -- November 2000
FF7054	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Decouverte par Ordinateur en Theorie des Graphnes” -- Caporossi -- 1999-2000
FF7055	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Essays of Simon (ikn Italian) -- Edited by Filippi -- December 1985
FF7056	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- European Journal of the History of Economic Thought -- Request -- 2000
FF7057	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Illinois Tech Engineer -- 1947
FF7058	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Interview with Herbert Simon” -- Rodrigues -- www.Janelanaweb.com -- 2000
FF7059	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Letter to Editor of Administrative Science Quarterly - nd
FF7060	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1994-1996
FF7061	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Permission to Reprint -- 1996-2001
FF7062	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “The Potlatch Between Economics and Political Science” -- Simon -- Competition and Cooperation: Conversations with Nobelists About Economics and Political Science -- Alt, Levi, and Ostrom -- August 16, 2000
FF7063	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Psychology -  Santrock -- 1998

 
Box 87 - Continued
FF7064	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Review of the Theory of Games and Economic Behavior” -- Simon -- American Journal of Sociology 27 -- 1995
FF7065	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Students Seek Some Reality Amid the Math of Economics” -- Weinstein -- New York Times -- Correspondence -- September 1999
FF7066	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- “Allen Newell” -- Simon -- Encyclopedia of Psychology  -- Correspondence -- 1997--1999
FF7067	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- “Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon -- The Corsini Encyclopedia of Psychology and Behavioral Science -- 1987-2000
FF7068	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- “Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon -- Encyclopedia of Psychology -- 1997-1999
FF7069	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- “Simulation” -- Simon -- Handbook of Economic Methodology -- 1995-1997
FF7070	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manual -- “A Manual for Teachers Using Public Administration” -- Simon, Smithburg, and Thompson -- 1951-1952
FF7071	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Building a 3rd Generation ITS for Symbolization: Adding a Tutorial Model with Multiple Tutorial Strategies” -- Heffernan and Koedinger -- March 2000
FF7072	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Complex Dynamics in Economic Organisms: The Origin of Division of Labor and the Nature of Persistent Business Cycles” -- Chen -- The Foundations of Evolutionary Economics -- Correspondence -- January 20, 2000
FF7073	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Comprehension by Computer: Expectation-Based Analysis of Sentences in Context” -- Reisbeck and Schank -- Studies in Perception of Language -- Levelt, ed. -- October 1976
FF7074	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Computing in China: A Travel Report” -- Cheatham, Clark, Ornstein, Perlis and Simon -- Science 182 -- 1972-1973
FF7075	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Discovering the Structure of Partial Differential Equaitons from Example Behavior” -- Todorovski, Dzeroski, Srinivasan, Whiteley, and Gavaghan -- ICML -- 2000
FF7076	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “The Effect of Forecasting Errors in Dynamic Programming with a Quadratic Cost Function” -- Durbin -- Econometrica -- Review -- 1959
FF7077	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “An Efficient Robot Planner Which Generates Its Own Procedures” -- Siklossy and Dreussi -- Proceedings on the Third International JOInt Conference on Artificial Intelligence -- August 1973
FF7078	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Emergence as Non-Aggregativity and the Biases of Reductionisms” -- Wimsatt -- Re-Engineering Philosophy for Limited Beings -- February 27, 2000
FF7079	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Experiments with a Multi-Purpose, Theorem-Proving Heuristic Program” -- Bursky and Slagle -- Journal of the Association for Computing Machinery 15:1 -- 1966-1968
 
Box 87 - Continued
FF7080	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Experiments With Some Programs that Search Game Trees” -- Slagle and Dixon -- Journal of the Association for Computing Machinery -- July 24, 1967
FF7081	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Generative Entrenchment and the Developmental Systems” -- Wimsatt -- Cycles of Contingency: Developmental Systems and Evolution  - Gray, Griffiths, and Oyama, eds. -- 2000

Box 88
Publications

FF7082	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Generative Entrenchment, Evolution, and Innateness” -- Wimsatt -- Biology Meets Psychology: Constraints, Connections, Conjectures -- Hardcastle, ed -- November 13, 1998
FF7083	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Genetic Regulation of Phospholipid Metabolism: Yeast as a Model Eukaryote” -- Henry and Patotn-Vogt -- 1997
FF7084	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “How Expert’s Adaptions to Representative Task Demands Account for the Expertise Effect in Memory Recall: Comments on Vicente and Wang (1998)” -- Ericsson, Kintsch, and Patel -- Psychological Review -- April 26, 1999
FF7085	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Los Laberintos de H.A. Simon” -- Casanovas -- Correspondence -- May 21, 2000
FF7086	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript --“Making Learning a Part of Life” -- Fischer -- Center for Lifelong Learning and Design -- Correspondence -- 1996
FF7087	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Modeling Strategies in a Categorization Task: Why and How to Build Theories” -- Delahanty, Gluck, Richman, Simon, and Staszewski -- May 25, 2000
FF7088	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Notes on the Observation and Measurement of Political Power” -- Simon -- The Journal of Politics -- 1951-1953
FF7089	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Object Recognition” -- Sutherland -- Handbook of Perception Vol 3 -- Carterette and Friedman, eds. -- July 1971
FF7090	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Performane of a Reading Task by an Elementary Perceptive and Memorizing Program” -- Feigenbaum and Simon -- Behavioral Science -- 1963
FF7091	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Proving the Impossible is Impossible is Possible: Disproofs Based on Hereditary Partitions” -- Siklossy and Roach -- Proceedings on Third International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence -- August 1973
FF7092	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Revisiting the Constraint Attunement Hypothesis: Reply to Ericsson, Patel, and Kintsch (2000) and Simon and Gobet (2000)” -- Vincente -- Psychological Review 127:3 -- 1999-2000
FF7093	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Simon” (On Nobel Prize) -- Author Unknown -- CMU Alumni News -- 1978
 
Box 88 - Continued
FF7094	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Toward an Explanatin of the Power-Law Artifact: Insights from Response Surface Analysis” -- Kim, Myung, and Pitt -- Memory and Cognition -- December 18, 1998
FF7095	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Towards a General Modular Systems Theory and Its Application to Inter-Firm Product Modularity” -- Schilling -- Academy of Management Conference -- 1999
FF7096	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notes -- “Behavioral Decision Making’s Philosophy of Science” -- Baruch and Matteo - ND
FF7097	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notes --Jacobsen’s Argument -- American Scientist -- 1955
FF7098	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notes -- “Notes on a Physics Problem Solver Using a Rich Representation and Parsing Natural English” -- Larkin -- Correspondence -- 1979-1980
FF7099	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notes -- “On the Notion of Near-Decomposability” -- Marengo -- January 11, 2000
FF7100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notes -- “Unofficial Notes from the April 1, 2000 Stanford Symposium: Will Spiritual Robots Replace Humanity by 2100?” -- Kaplan -- Correspondence -- April 2000
FF7101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Notice -- Fiscal Aspects of Metropolitian Consolidation -- Simon -- 1943
FF7102	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Outline -- “Liberal Education in a Technological Society” -- Simon -- Focus -- 1977
FF7103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Outline -- “More Models: Selected Thoughts and Correspondence of Herbert A. Simon” -- Author Unknown -- November 1999
FF7104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Outline -- “Quality of Life” -- Simon -- Kyoto Sangyo University and Business Review -- 1973
FF7105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “An Analysis of ‘What Computers Can’t Do: A Critique of Artifical Reason’ by H.L. Dreyfus” -- Tachibana -- June 5, 1972
FF7106	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Automated Remote Sensing with Near Infra-red Reflectance Spectra: Carbonate Recognition” -- DeFazio, Gazis, Rasey, Roush, Spirtes, and Glymour -- N.D.
FF7107	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Behavioral Model of Turnout” -- Bendor, Diermeier, and Ting -- March 2000
FF7108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Budget of Problems of Data Analysis” -- Simon -- Draft - Nd
FF7109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Chunk Hierarchies and Retrieval Structures: Comments on Saariluoma and Laine (in Press)” -- Gobet -- July 29, 1999
FF7110	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper --“Cognition, Capabilities and Corporate Strategy Making’ -- Gavetti -- December 1999
FF7111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Cognitive Traps in Individual and Organizational Behavior: Some Empirical Evidence” -- Bonini and Egidi -- CEEL -- 1999
FF7112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Computational Model of Verbal Understanding” -- Burger, Schwartz, and Simmons -- System Development Corporation -- April 30, 1968
 
Box 88 - Continued
FF7113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- Coordination Neglect: How to Lay Theories of Organizing Complicate Coordination in Organizations” -- Heath and Staudnmayer - ND
FF7114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Cultural Evolution of Altruism, 1: Cooperation” -- Mark -- Correspondence -- Science - 2000
FF7115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “DATADRAW: A Command Language for Manipulating and Displaying Stacks, Queues, Lists and Trees” -- Blocher, Shroyer, Siklossy -- The University of Texas -- April 1972
FF7116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Decentralization and Market Mechanisms in Collective Problem-Solving” -- Marengo -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF7117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper --“A Deductive Question Answerer for Natural-Language Inference” -- Schwarz, Burger, and Simmons -- System Development Corporation -- November 15, 1968
FF7118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper --“Do You Go to College If Your Parents Want You to?” -- Fernandes -- Correspondence -- May 2000
FF7119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Economic Effects of Atomic Power” -- Marshak -- Estes Park Conference Session of June 25, 1946 -- 1946
FF7120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Frames, Planes and Nets: A Synthesis” -- Scragg -- Instituto per gli Studi Semantici e Cognitivi -- 1975
FF7121	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Frisch Model of Business Cycles -- A Spurious Doctrine, but a Mysterious Success” -- Chen -- Correspondence -- January 21, 2000
FF7122	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “From Utilities to Mental Models: A Critical Survey on Decision Rules and Cognition in Consumer Choice” -- Devetag -- CEEL -- 1999
FF7123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Hierarchy in Evolution” -- Simon -- Notes and Outline -- May 28, 1994
FF7124	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “How Do Order Effects Arise in a Cognitive Model?” -- Gobet and Lane -- August 5, 1999
FF7125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Human Learning in Game Playing” -- Gobet and Simon -- Correspondence -- April 10, 2000
FF7126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- Hydra: A Kernel Operating System for C.mmp External Specifications” -- Wolf, Jones, Pierson, Rege, and Mason - ND
FF7127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Inquiry into the Micro Foundation of Macro Fluctuations: The Law of Large Numbers and Arbitrage Under Rational Expectations” -- Chen -- Correspondence -- CCER -- January 20, 2000
FF7128	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Insight in Task Improvement: The Role of Attention and Knowledge” -- Cronin -- August 2000
FF7129	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Integrating a Mosaic” -- Schreurs -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF7130	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “The Mechanization of Linguistic Learning” -- Solomonoff -- Second International Congress on Cybernetics -- April 1959
 
Box 88 - Continued
FF7131	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- Microfoundations of Macro Fluctuations: Pattern of Large Numbers, Relative Price Movements, and Arbitrage Under Rational Expectations” -- Chen -- Correspondence - 2000
FF7132	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Natural Language Question Answering Systems: 1969” -- Simmons -- January 1969
FF7133	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A New Method for Discovering the Grammars of Phrase Structure Languages” -- Solomonoff -- April 1959
FF7134	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Organizational Slack, Risk Management and Innovation” -- Narayanaswamy -- Correspondence -- October 18, 1998
FF7135	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Perspective-Taking and Grammar” -- MacWhinney - ND
FF7136	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- The Phenomena of Accomodation in Intelligent Systems” -- Simon -- December 17, 1976
FF7137	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Planning Problem Solver Based on Look-Ahead in Stochastic Game --Trees” -- Sandewall -- Uppsala University -- April 1968
FF7138	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Predicting Creative Behavior: Modeling Discovery in Science” -- Simon - ND
FF7139	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Problem-Solving Behavir in a System Model of the Primate Neocortex” -- Bond -- Correspondence -- April 27, 2000
FF7140	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Research for Choice” -- Simon - ND
FF7141	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Self-Organization as Optimizing Agent Assignment for Distributed Constraint Satisfaction Problems” -- Salemi and Shen -- Correspondence -- January 25, 2000
FF7142	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “A Semantic Analyzer for English Sentences” -- Simmons and Burger -- System Development Corporation -- January 10, 1968
FF7143	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Suggestions Toward a Model ofr the Study of Stability and Change in Social Structure” -- Simon -- 1953
FF7144	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- Technological Change and Network Dynamics” -- Orsenigo, Pammolli, and Riccaboni -- August 1999
FF7145	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Ulcers and Bacteria 1: Discovery and Acceptance” -- Thagard -- 1997
FF7146	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper Excerpt -- “Graphs and Identifiabiltiy “ -- Pearl -- February 4, 1998
FF7147	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Proposal Review -- “A Broad Research Program in the Sciences of Complexity” -- Knapp and Simmons -- Review by Simon -- National Science Foundation (NSF) -- 1995-1996
FF7148	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Proposal Review -- “A Theory of Science” -- Giere -- Review by Simon -- National Science Foundation (NSF) -- 1985
FF7149	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Chess, Games and Flies” -- Franci -- Foundation of Science -- Review by Simon -- 1999
FF7150	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “The Effects of Speed on Skilled Chess Performance” -- Burns -- Psychological Science -- Review by Simon - 2000
 
Box 88 - Continued
FF7151	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- Optimal Detection Search -- Kadane and Simon -- Reviewer Unknown -- 1975
FF7152	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Academia, Giving the Soft Sciences a Hard Sell” -- Simon -- The Boston Globe -- May 3, 1987
FF7153	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Analysis of Educational Programs” -- Dexter -- The School Review - nd
FF7154	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Analyzing a Real World Scene Sequence Using Fuzziness” -- Jain and Nagel -- IEEE Conference on Decision and Control -- December 7-9, 1977
FF7155	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Bookshelf for Management’s Modern Era” -- Author Unknown -- Business Week -- April 2, 1960
FF7156	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Chess Machine here Still Pawn Shopping” -- Author Unknown -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- November 5, 1959
FF7157	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Creativita Senza Miracoli” -- Simon -- Domenica 244 -- September 7, 1997
FF7158	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computer Learns to Read Thoughts” -- Author Unknown -- The Pittsburgh Press -- August 12, 1962
FF7159	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Computer Like Human Mind” -- Bross -- Norman, Okla. Transcript  - nd
FF7160	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Congress and the Civil Service” -- White -- Public Personnel Review 5:2 -- April 1944
FF7161	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article --“Creativity in the Arts and the Sciences” -- Simon -- The Kenyon Review and StRAND 2:2 -- March 2001
FF7162	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Cyert Inaugurated 6th President” -- Singer and Caroll -- CMU Tartan -- March 13, 1973
FF7163	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Downgrading Computers” -- Author Unknown -- Newsweek -- July 25, 1966
FF7164	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Dr. H.G. Stever of MIT Named President of Tech” -- Rosensweet -- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette -- October 13, 1964
FF7165	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Economics Row Centers Here” -- Stein- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette -- January 11, 1962
FF7166	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “L’economie Devient-elle un Science Plaisir” -- Foray -- Futures -- November 2000
 
 

Box 89
Publications

FF7167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “An Elite Brain Factory” -- Bender -- The New York Times -- October 17, 1971
FF7168	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Fairytales” -- Newell -- Focus -- December 17, 1976
FF7169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Foreign Publications -- 1978-1994
FF7170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Glaubensfrage” -- Author Unknown -- Capital -- 1979
FF7171	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Good Will of Important People” -- Dexter -- “The Public Opinion Quarterly 28” -- Winter 1964 
FF7172	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- IGS Birthday: The Same Huge, Murky Problems -- The Berkeley Campus Report 6:5 -- January 14, 1972
FF7173	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Implications of Supranational Federation” -- Dexter -- American Sociological Review -- 7:3 -- June 1942
FF7174	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “In all Fairness” -- Mayer -- TV Guide -- October 17-24, 1970
FF7175	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Intelligence” -- Lee -- CMU Tartan -- Feb 11, 1975
FF7176	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Its Zena vs. Bingo in N.U. Battle” -- Author Unknown -- Chicago Daily News -- May 26, 1962
FF7177	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Keynote Speaker Addresses Global Issues” -- Colaianne -- CMU Tartan -- October 1991
FF7178	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Letters to the Editor -- Bhaskar -- Schwartz -- CMU Tartan -- March 1875
FF7179	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Managers Mind the University” -- Reinhold -- The New York Times -- June 22, 1975
FF7180	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Marginal Attention, Pressure Politics, Political Campaigning, and Political Realities” -- Dexter -- International Review of History and Political Science -- N.D.
FF7181	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The M.B.A. The Man, The Myth, and the Method” -- Zalaznick -- Fortune -- May 1968
FF7182	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “26 Million Plan Outlined by Tech” -- Seidenberg -- Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- April 19, 1957
FF7183	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Newspaper Clippings of Deep Blue and Kasparov Chess Game -- May 1997
FF7184	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Note on the Unification of Sociology and Psychology” -- Dexter -- Psychiatry 6:1 -- February 1943
FF7185	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Old Days, Hot Groups, and Manager’s Lib” -- Leavitt -- Administrative Science Quarterly 41 -- 1996
FF7186	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “On the Construction of Social Science General Courses” -- Dexter -- The Journal of Education 2:3 -- April 1948
 
Box 89 - Continued
FF7187	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Onward and Upward with the Arts and Sciences” -- Hillman -- New Yorker -- July 18, 1959
FF7188	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Open Mind: Risky Behavior” -- Konner -- Longevity -- August 1990
FF7189	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Photograph from AP WireStory ‘Nobel Winner’” -- October 16, 1978
FF7190	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Political Processes and Judgments of Value” -- Dexter -- The American Political Science Review 40:2 -- April 1946
FF7191	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Politicians, Science, and Scientists” -- Dexter -- Indian Sociological Bulletin 1:3 -- April 1964
FF7192	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “President’s Page - A Race Without a Finish” -- Mehrabian -- Carnegie Mellon Magazine -- Spring 1994
FF7193	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Prof Honored - MitteRAND Cites Reddy and CMU” -- Zellner -- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette -- 1984
FF7194	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “What Is Computer Science” -- Newell -- Perspectives on Computer Science -- 1977
FF7195	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Role of the Professions in Evaluating Retardation” -- Dexter -- Journal of Mental Subnormality 8:15 -- December 1962
FF7196	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Smithsonian Horizons” -- Adams -- Smithsonian -- June 1996
FF7197	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Symposium Explores Computers’ Potential” -- Author Unknown -- 2000
FF7198	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Teaching Social Science as a Set of Skills” -- Dexter -- American Sociological Review 11.2 -- April 1946
FF7199	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “What Now My Life?” -- Author Unknown -- CMU Tartan -- November 20, 1968
FF7200	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “What We Do in Conferences” -- Dexter -- Religious Education -- October-December 1941
FF7201	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “World’s Apart” -- Roth -- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette -- March 29, 1984
FF7202	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Book -- Scientific Discovery -- Simon, et al. -- Memoranda -- Outline -- Commentary
FF7203	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Booklet -- The Recognition of Excellence -- February 20-22, 1959
FF7204	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- Allen Newell Biography -- AI Magazine -- 1992
FF7205	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Transfer, Situation, and Paradigm” -- Educational Researcher -- Invitation to Review -- 1996
FF7206	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Correspondence -- “Psychology” -- 1980 Yearbook of Science and the Future , Encyclopedia Britannica -- 1980
FF7207	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Encyclopedia Article -- “Simon, Herbert” -- Le Maxidico -- N.D. 
FF7208	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- EPAM Book Project -- Reference Material -- Articles by Simon and Zhang -- 1985
 
Box 89 - Continued
FF7209	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- EPAM Book Project -- Chapter 1 -- “EPAM VI as Model of Paired-Associate Learning” -- Richman and Simon --- 2000
FF7210	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- EPAM Book Project -- Chapter 1 and 2 -- Table of Contents -- 2000
FF7211	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- EPAM Book Project -- Reference Material -- Articles by Chase and Simon -- 1973
FF7212	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- EPAM Book Project -- Articles by Feigenbaum and Simon --1961-1984
FF7213	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- EPAM Book Project -- Articles by Gobet and Simon -- 1996-1998
FF7214	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- EPAM Book Project -- Articles by Gobet, Richman, Staszewski, and Simon -- 1989-1997
FF7215	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- EPAM Book Project -- Reference Material -- Articles by Simon and Barenfeld -- 1969
FF7216	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- EPAM Book Project -- Reference Material -- Articles by Simon, Gilmartin, and Newell -- 1973-1975
FF7217	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- EPAM Book Project -- Reference Material -- Articles by Simon and Gregg -- 1967
FF7218	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- EPAM Book Project -- EPAM: A Model of Human Perception, Memory and Learning -- Introductory Material --Bibliography -- 2000
FF7219	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Journal -- SUMEX-AIM -- “The Seeds of Artificial Intelligence” -- December 1979
FF7220	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Causality in Device Behavior” -- Simon and Ijiri -- Artificial Intelligence 29 -- Correspondence -- 1985 -1986
FF7221	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “A Note on the Cobb-Douglas Function” -- Simon and Levey -- Review of Economic Studies -- 1962-1963
FF7222	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Manuscript -- “Symmetry-Based Reasoning About Equations of Physical Laws” -- Ishaida and Simon -- 1994
FF7223	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- Faculty Bulletin -- January 22, 1964
FF7224	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Newsletter -- NSF Science Agenda -- Winter 1989
FF7225	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Accomplishments of Artificial Intelligence” -- Simon -- August 7, 1988
FF7226	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Foreword to Discovering Causal Structure” -- Simon -- December 31, 1986
FF7227	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Further Reflections on Raven and Shoes” -- Simon -- November 19, 1990
FF7228	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “New Light on Novice-Expert Differences in Physics Problem Solving: A Comment” -- Simon -- Article -- “Large Computers” -- IEEE -- 1992
FF7229	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “On Cantor’s Diagonal Method” -- Simon -- N.D. 
FF7230	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Organizations: Introduction to Second Edition” -- March and Simon -- 1992
 
Box 89 - Continued
FF7231	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Paper -- “Testing Computer Models of Scientific Discovery” -- Kulkarni and Simon -- 2000
FF7232	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Approaches to the Bargaining Problem Before and After the Theory of Games” -- Harasanyi -- Review by Simon --- 1955
FF7233	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Referee Review -- “Automatic Theorem Proving with Renamable Semantic Resolution” -- Slagle -- Review by Simon -- Journal of the Association for Computing Machinery -- 1966-1967
FF7234	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Report -- “Report on Site Visit U.C.L.A.” --Simon -- Correspondence -- Notes -- January 13, 1975
FF7235	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Table of Contents -- AI Handbook -- N.D. 
 
Series IX: Correspondence 1940-2001
Box 90
Correspondence

FF7236	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Abdullaev, A. Sh. -- 1990-1991
FF7237	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Abelson, Philipp H. -- 1985
FF7238	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Abelson, Robert P. -- 1959-1980
FF7239	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Abrahams, Fred F. -- 1961
FF7240	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Abrahams, Marc -- 2000
FF7241	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Abramovitz, Moses -- 1979
FF7242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Abren, Jose Luis -- 1987
FF7243	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Abruzzi, Adam -- 1958
FF7244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Abt, Clark C. -- 1965
FF7245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Accounting Review, The -- 1965-1973 
FF7246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- A.C. Cremerius -- 1948
FF7247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Acker, Edmund G. -- 1982
FF7248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ackerman, Sherrie Lynn -- 1979
FF7249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ackley, Gardner -- 1982
FF7250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ackoff, Russell L. -- 1956 -- 1972
FF7251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Adams, David -- 1984
FF7252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Adams, Ernest W. -- 1975
FF7253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Adams, Evelyn -- 1960-1974
FF7254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Adams, J.S. -- 1972
FF7255	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Adams, James L. -- 1959-1978
FF7256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Adams, John W. -- 1965
FF7257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Adams, Lynn -- 1997
FF7258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Adler, Shelley -- 1975
FF7259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Administrative Science Quarterly -- 1964-1970
FF7260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Advanced Information Systems --1985
FF7261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Advanced Management -- 1956
FF7262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Advanced Research Projects Agency (ARPA) -- 1968-1972
FF7263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Advances in Behavioral Economics -- 1982
FF7264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Advertising Research Foundation, Inc. -- 1960
FF7265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aerojet-General Corporation -- 1962
FF7266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Afriat, Alexander -- 1990-1997
FF7267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Afriat, Sydney -- 1989
FF7268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Agerberg, Hans -- 1972
FF7269	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aguillen, Carlos Cantu -- 1999
FF7270	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ahlander, Dag Sebastian -- 1994
FF7271	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ahls, William L. -- 1967
FF7272	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aigrain, Pierre -- 1979
FF7273	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aiken, Charles -- 1941-1946
FF7274	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aiken, John O. -- 1967
FF7275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aines, Andrew -- 1981
 
Box 90 - Continued
FF7276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Airenti, Gabriella -- 1977
FF7277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Air Force -- 1961
FF7278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Air Force Office of Scientific Research -- 1961
FF7279	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- AISB Quarterly -- 1983
FF7280	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Akiba, Tadatoshi -- 1980
FF7281	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Akin, Omer -- 1974-2000
FF7282	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Akscyn, Robert -- 1980
FF7283	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Akzin, Benjamin -- 1962
FF7284	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Albarda, Erik -- 1968
FF7285	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Albert (?) -- 1958
FF7286	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Albert, Stuart -- 1976-1977
FF7287	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Alberts, Waren E. -- 1959-1960
FF7288	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Albin, Rochelle S. -- 1979
FF7289	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Alderfer, Clayton P. -- 1972
FF7290	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aldrich, Carole A. -- 1974
FF7291	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aleef, Peter H. -- 1984
FF7292	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Alexander, R.E. --1991
FF7293	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Alimard, Amin -- 1960
FF7294	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Alix, Jean-Pierre  --1996
FF7295	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Alker, Hayward -- 1967
FF7296	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allais, Maurice -- 1988
FF7297	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allan, J.N. -- 1961
FF7298	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allen, Henry Lee -- 1995
FF7299	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allen, Carter -- 1973
FF7300	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allen, P.M. -- 1980-1981
FF7301	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allen, Paul E. -- 1990
FF7302	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allen, T.F.H. -- 1985
FF7303	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allin, J. Bryan -- 1951
FF7304	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allison, Lloyd -- 1978
FF7305	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allison, Lt. Colonel Paul W. -- 1962
FF7306	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- All-Language Services -- 1964
FF7307	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allred, John C. -- 1970 -- 1971
FF7308	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allwood, Carl-Martin -- 1978-1979
FF7309	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Allyn and Bacon -- 1988
FF7310	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Almond, Gabriel -- 1977-1997
FF7311	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Almy, Thomas -- 1998
FF7312	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Alperovitz, Gar -- 1998-1999
FF7313	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Alt, F.L. -- 1957
FF7314	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Altemeyer, Robert -- 1964-1968
FF7315	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Altman, Erik -- 1994
FF7316	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Altman, Tracey -- 1978
FF7317	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Altmansberger, George E. -- 1951
FF7318	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “Altruism” -- 1991
FF7319	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Alvanez, Jose Angel -- 1987
 
Box 90 - Continued
FF7320	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Amarel, Saul -- 1969-1999
FF7321	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ambasz, Emilio -- 1968
FF7322	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Amdal, Ivar K. -- 1986-1987
FF7323	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Academy of Arts and Sciences -- 1959-1988
FF7324	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Academy of Political and Social Science -- 1953-1972
FF7325	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Accounting Association -- 1958
FF7326	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American and International Library of Science, Technology, Engineering and Liberal Arts -- 1963
FF7327	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Association for the Advancement of Science -- 1956-1993
FF7328	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Association for Artificial Intelligence -- 1994-1999
FF7329	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Association of Collegiate Schools of Business, The -- 1960-1969
FF7330	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Bankers Association -- 1966
FF7331	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Behavioral Scientist -- 1960-1989
FF7332	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American City Magazine, The -- 1943
FF7333	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Civil Liberties Union -- 1992
FF7334	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American College of Hospital Administrators -- 1957-1971
FF7335	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Council of Learned Societies -- 1970
FF7336	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Council on Education -- 1966-1969
FF7337	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Dietetic Association, The -- 1963
FF7338	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Documentation -- 1967
FF7339	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Economic Association -- 1951-1992
FF7340	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Economic Review -- 1964-1973
FF7341	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- The American Economist -- 1989
FF7342	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Educational Research Journal -- 1984
FF7343	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Elsevier Publishing Company -- 1969-1971
FF7344	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Foundation on Automation and Employment, Inc. -- 1965
FF7345	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Institute of Industrial Engineers -- 1960
FF7346	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Institute of Management -- 1952
FF7347	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Institute of Planners Committee of Correspondence -- 1967-1968
FF7348	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Journal of Sociology, The -- 1945- 1969
 
Box 90 - Continued
FF7349	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Management Association -- 1948-1974
FF7350	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Medical Association -- 1963
FF7351	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Men and Women of Science -- 1970-1988
FF7352	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Nobel Anniversary Committee -- 1990-1998
FF7353	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Philosophical Society -- 1959 -1985
FF7354	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Politcal Science Association -- 1947 -1984
FF7355	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Political Science Association Meetings -- 1963-1966
FF7356	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Political Science Review -- 1950-1974, 1986
FF7357	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Psychiatric Association -- 1996
FF7358	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Psychological Association [ Folder 1 of 2] -- 1955-1993
FF7359	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Psychological Association [ Folder 2 of 2] -- 1955-1993
FF7360	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Psychological Society -- 1989-1995
FF7361	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Psychologist -- 1954, 1975-1986
FF7362	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Scholar, The -- N.D.
FF7363	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Scientist -- 1965-1975
FF7364	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Society for Engineering Education -- 1949
FF7365	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Society for Information Science -- 1998
FF7366	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --American Society for Public Administration -- 1953-1968
FF7367	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Sociological Association -- 1963-1982
FF7368	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Sociological Review -- 1951- 1976
FF7369	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Statistical Association -- 1943-1974
FF7370	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --American University -- 1964
FF7371	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- American Veterans Committee, Inc. -- 1947
FF7372	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ames, Edward -- 1949
FF7373	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Amirsardary, Shahrokh -- 1984
FF7374	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Amiri, Gilad -- 1993 **Restricted File**
FF7375	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Amnesty International -- 1979-1985 
FF7376	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Amon, Dale -- 1972 -- 1984
FF7377	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- AMS-SIAM Meeting on Mathematical Psychology --1979
FF7378	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Anderson, Alan -- 1967
 
Box 90 - Continued
FF7379	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Anderson, C. Arnold-1950
FF7380	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Anderson, David -- 1990
FF7381	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Anderson, Desmond L. -- 1961
FF7382	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Anderson, Joan -- 1958
FF7383	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Anderson, John -- 1974-2001
FF7384	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Anderson, Robert -- 1980
FF7385	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Anderson, Roberta -- 1958
FF7386	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Anderson, T.W. -- 1953
FF7387	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ando, Albert -- 1956-1999
FF7388	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Andrejeva, Ludmilla -- 1989
FF7389	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Andrew Mellon Foundation -- 1978-1979
FF7390	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Andrews, Peter B. -- 1971 **Restricted File**
FF7391	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Andrianos, Nikos P. -- 1982
FF7392	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Angelica Uniform Company -- 1966

Box 91
Correspondence

FF7393	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Angell, R.B. -- 1963
FF7394	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Annals, The -- 1957
FF7395	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Annals of Biomedical Engineering -- 1974
FF7396	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Annals of the History of Computing -- 1989
FF7397	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Annals of Mathematical Statistics -- 1952-1955
FF7398	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Annan, Kofi, A. -- 1997
FF7399	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Annual Review of Psychology -- 1979-1988
FF7400	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Annual Reviews, Inc. --1983
FF7401	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Annenberg School of Communications --1974
FF7402	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ansoff, Higor -- 1951-1953
FF7403	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Antioch Review -- 1954
FF7404	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Anzai, Yucho -- 1975-1999
FF7405	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Appleby, Paul H. -- 1947 -- 1948
FF7406	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Appleton-Century-Crofts, Inc. -- 1962-1973
FF7407	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Applied Science Publishers Ltd. -- 1976
FF7408	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Applied Statistics -- 1964-1965
FF7409	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- APWA (American Public Works Association) -- 1963
FF7410	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arbib, Michael A. -- 1970 -1975
FF7411	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Archambault, Eric --2000
FF7412	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arenberg, David -- 1984
FF7413	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arensberg, Conrad -- 1951-1953
FF7414	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Argate, Linda -- 1995
FF7415	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Argyris, Chris -- 1953 -1978
FF7416	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arizona State University -- 1959-1962
FF7417	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arizona, University of -- 1958
FF7418	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arkansas, University of -- 1968
 
Box 91 - Continued
FF7419	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Armour, Frank Jr. -- 1973
FF7420	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Armstrong  Company-- 1960
FF7421	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Army, U.S. -- 1943 -1958
FF7422	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arndt, R.E. -- 1950
FF7423	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arnold, John E. -- 1956
FF7424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arnold, Robert -- 1975-1977
FF7425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arnow, Kathryn S. -- 1981
FF7426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arpi, Bo --1966
FF7427	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arrow, Kenneth J. -- 1952-1993
FF7428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Artifical Intelligence -- 1973-1997
FF7429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Artise, John -- 1974 -- 1976
FF7430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Artiss, Kenneth L. M.D. -- 1965
FF7431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Artle, Roland -- 1981-1982
FF7432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Arundale, Robert B. -- 1977
FF7433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ascher, Charles S. -- 1937-1979
FF7434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ashby, Ross R. -- 1953-1965
FF7435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ashley, Winston B. -- 1977-1994
FF7436	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Askey, Richard -- 1985
FF7437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Asmonas, V. -- 1960
FF7438	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aspen Institute for Humanistic Studies -- 1979
FF7439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Assad, Farrokh -- 1992
FF7440	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Assad, Robert -- 1980
FF7441	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Association for Computing Machinery -- 1962 -1999
FF7442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Association for the Aid of Crippled Children -- 1960
FF7443	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Astropower, Inc. -- 1963
FF7444	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Asztely, Sandor -- 1958
FF7445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Atherton Press -- 1961-1967 
FF7446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- AT & T Company -- 1982
FF7447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Atkinson, Elaine -- 1990 - 2000
FF7448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Atkinson, John W. -- 1957
FF7449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Atkinson, Richard C. -- 1964-1986
FF7450	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Atlantic Council of the United States, Inc. -- 1963
FF7451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Atlantic Monthly, The -- N.D.
FF7452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Atlantic Refining Company, The -- 1961
FF7453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Atlantic Research Corporation -- 1962
FF7454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Atomic Energy Commission -- 1956
FF7455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Attneave, Fred -- 1982
FF7456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Au, Steven, T. -- 1997-1999
FF7457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aubert, Karl Egil -- 1988
FF7458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Auerbach, Carl A. -- 1960
FF7459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Auger, Raymond N. -- 1959-1960
FF7460	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Augier, Mie --1998 - 2000
 
Box 91 - Continued
FF7461	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aumann, Robert J. -- 1996
FF7462	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Australian Broadcasting Company -- 1984
FF7463	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Australian National University -- 1973
FF7464	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Autorent -- 1993
FF7465	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Avenier, Marie - José -- 1981
FF7466	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Avery, Henry -- 1957-1958
FF7467	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Avis Rent-A-Car -- 1958
FF7468	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Axelrod, Robert -- 1974-1999
FF7469	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Axtell, Robert -- 1999
FF7470	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Axton, Nick --1975 **Restricted File**
FF7471	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aya, Rod -- 1995
FF7472	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aydelotte, William O. -- 1974
FF7473	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Aygun, Birol -- 1997
FF7474	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Azadi, Mak -- 1999
FF7475	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Azevedo, Roger -- 1998
FF7476	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baars, Bernie -- 1979-1996
FF7477	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baas, Nils A. -- 1987-1988
FF7478	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baba, Keiji -- 1953
FF7479	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Babbitt, Milton -- 1973
FF7480	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bach, G.L. -- 1948-1975
FF7481	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bach, Harry -- 1971
FF7482	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- BACON -- 1982 -- 1990
FF7483	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bacon, Emery F. -- 1963
FF7484	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baecker, Ronald, Project MAC -- 1966
FF7485	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baer, Adrian -- 1974 -1980
FF7486	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baetge, Jörg -- 1972
FF7487	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bahadur, Raghu Raj -- 1953
FF7488	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bahadur, Veera -- 1972
FF7489	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bahna-James, Tara -- 1991
FF7490	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baier, Annette -- 1976
FF7491	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bailey, Daniel E. -- 1976 -- 1978
FF7492	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bailey, Elizabeth E. -- 1982
FF7493	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bailey, Joan H. -- 1960
FF7494	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bailey, Joseph C. -- 1961
FF7495	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baillaud, Lucien -- 1984
FF7496	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bain, John D. -- 1971
FF7497	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bain, Read -- 1951
FF7498	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baird, Jack -- 1975-1978
FF7499	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bakan, David -- 1956
FF7500	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baker, Edward J. -- 1984
FF7501	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baker, Frank B. -- 1963-1969
FF7502	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baker, Gladys -- 1951
FF7503	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baker, Ivan B. -- 1948
FF7504	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baker, William O. -- 1975
FF7505	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bakke, E. Wright -- 1950
 
Box 91 - Continued
FF7506	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bakker, Norman J. -- 1949-1953
FF7507	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Balas, Edith -- 1981-1990
FF7508	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Balas, Egon -- 1998-1999
FF7509	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Balash, Joseph P. -- 1970
FF7510	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baldasarre, Gianluca -- 1998
FF7511	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Balderston, F.E. -- 1954-1995
FF7512	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bales, Robert Freed -- 1953 -1957
FF7513	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Balinski, M.L. -- 1983
FF7514	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Balkun, Helen -- c1978
FF7515	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ballay, Joseph -- 1970
FF7516	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ballou, Donald H. -- 1985
FF7517	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baltes, Paul B. -- 1982
FF7518	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Balzer, Robert -- 1975
FF7519	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Banca nazionale de La Vavoro -- 1979
FF7520	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bancroft, Robert Z. -- 1956
FF7521	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Banerji, Ranan B. -- 1955-1983
FF7522	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Banet, Leo -- 1967 -- 1975
FF7523	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bank, Arnold -- 1964
FF7524	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Barbachano Travel Service -- 1975
FF7525	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Barber, John C. -- 1985
FF7526	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Barclay, Craig R. -- 1989
FF7527	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Barenfeld, Michael -- 1968
FF7528	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Barneond, Carlos Eugenio
FF7529	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Barnes, Ralph M. -- 1958
FF7530	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Barrett, Dermot F. -- 1950-1951
FF7531	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Barry Herbert -- 1967
FF7532	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bartee, Edwin M. -- 1969
FF7533	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bartlett, Robert V. -- 1986
FF7534	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bartlett’s Quotations -- 1979-1985
FF7535	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bartz, R.V. -- 1952-1981
FF7536	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baruah, Amrit -- 1963
FF7537	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Basic Books Inc. -- 1964
FF7538	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Basil Blackwell, Publisher, Ltd. --1983
FF7539	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bastin, Ted -- 1960
FF7540	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Basu, Anuradha -- 1991
FF7541	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Basu, S.K. -- 1965
FF7542	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bates, Bill -- 1979
FF7543	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Battelle Pacific Northwest Laboratories -- 1972
FF7544	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Battersby, Albert -- 1966-1970
FF7545	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bauer, Henry -- 1982
FF7546	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bauer, Raymond A. -- 1969
FF7547	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bauman, Joseph -- 1961
FF7548	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baumgartel, Howard -- 1955 -1959
FF7549	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baumgartner, Peter -- 1992
 
Box 91 - Continued
FF7550	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baumol, W.J. -- 1957 -1997
FF7551	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bavelas, Alex -- 1950 -1982
FF7552	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baxter, Dick H. -- 1953 -1955
FF7553	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Baylor, George W. -- 1961 -1999
FF7554	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bayram, Servet -- 1995 **Restricted File**

Box 92
Correspondence

FF7555	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beadle, George W., Jr. -- 1964
FF7556	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beahan, John J, Jr. -- 1982
FF7557	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beam, David R. and Colella, Cynthia C. -- 1979
FF7558	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beaman, R. B. -- 1958
FF7559	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- BeaugRANDe, Robert de -- 2000
FF7560	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bechtel, William -- 1985 -1986
FF7561	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beck, Jacob -- 1963
FF7562	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beckenbach, E.F. -- 1952
FF7563	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beckett, Paul -- 1952
FF7564	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beckingsale, G. -- 1960
FF7565	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beckmann, Martin -- 1955 -1956
FF7566	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bedejan, Arthur G. -- 1954
FF7567	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beebie, Michael -- 1967 -1968
FF7568	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beer, Francis A. -- 1984
FF7569	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beer, Stafford -- 1960
FF7570	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beezhold, F.W. -- 1956
FF7571	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Behavioral Science -- 1957 -1994
FF7572	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Behavioral Science Council -- 1960
FF7573	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Behrend, Hilde -- 1962
FF7574	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Belgian Productivity Association -- 1968
FF7575	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bell, Aaron -- 1965 -1989
FF7576	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bell, Alexander G. -- 1974 -1977
FF7577	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bell, Carolyn S. -- 1960
FF7578	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bell, Daniel -- 1967-1977
FF7579	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bell, J.W. -- 1957
FF7580	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bell Telephone Laboratories -- 1968 -1976
FF7581	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bellingham, Philip -- 1975
FF7582	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bellquist, Eric C. -- 1953 -1956
FF7583	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Belzer, Jack -- 1983 -1985
FF7584	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ben - Aaron, Max -- 1974
FF7585	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bender, Bruce -- 1983 - 2000
FF7586	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bendix, Reinhard -- 1970
FF7587	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bendor, Jonathan -- 1999 - 2001
FF7588	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Benedict, Brother -- 1947
FF7589	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Benham, Lee -- 1985
FF7590	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Benjamin, Aaron -- 1990 -1991
 
Box 92 - Continued
FF7591	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bennett, George -- 1965
FF7592	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bennington College -- 1950
FF7593	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bennis, Warren G. -- 1955 -1982
FF7594	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Benowitz, Steve -- 1995
FF7595	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bensch, Alexandria -- 1986
FF7596	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bensman, Joseph -- 1950-1951
FF7597	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Benson, Philippa -- 1989
FF7598	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bentley, Wilson J. -- 1955
FF7599	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berelson, Bernard -- 1958-1968
FF7600	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berg, C.J. Jr. -- 1959
FF7601	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berg, Daniel -- 1978-1985  **Restricted File**
FF7602	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berg, Marie H. -- 1969 
FF7603	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berg, Paul -- 1980
FF7604	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Berg, William and Bernice -- 1980
FF7605	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berger, Douglas -- 1968-1969
FF7606	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berger, Lawrence A. -- 1990
FF7607	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berger, Stephen -- 1973
FF7608	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berghel, Hal -- 1984
FF7609	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bergson, Abram -- 1966
FF7610	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berkeley Enterprises, Inc. -- 1988
FF7611	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berkson, William -- 1992
FF7612	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berliner, Hans -- 1983 -1997
FF7613	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berlyne, Daniel -- 1954 -1957
FF7614	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bernadotte, Lenart -- 1989
FF7615	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bernard, George -- 1958
FF7616	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bernard, Stephane -- 1960
FF7617	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bernays, Edward L. -- 1953
FF7618	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berners-Lee, Conway -- 1979
FF7619	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bernfeld, Andre -- 1999
FF7620	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bernt, Benno -- 1960-1996
FF7621	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berry, Janet E. -- 1990-1993
FF7622	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berry, Paul C. -- 1960-1961
FF7623	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Berry, T.M. -- 1952
FF7624	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bertalanffy, Ludwig Von -- 1954-1955
FF7625	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beskin, Jonathan -- 1995
FF7626	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beth, E.W. -- 1954 -1959
FF7627	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Beuscart-Zephir, Marie Catherine -- 1989
FF7628	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bevan, William -- Correspondence -- 1984-1994
FF7629	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bhandari, Inderpal -- 1989 -1997
FF7630	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bhandarka,Suchi -- 1993
FF7631	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bhargava, Alok -- 1999
FF7632	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bhaskar, R.B. -- 1974 -1997 **Restricted File**
 
Box 92 - Continued
FF7633	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bhaskar, Kasi -- 1976 -1978
FF7634	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bhavnani, Suresh K. -- 1996
FF7635	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bialowas, Adrzej -- 1989-1991 **Restricted File**
FF7636	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bian, Yanjie -- 1996
FF7637	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bibel, Wolfgang -- 1996
FF7638	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Biermann, Alan W. -- 1975
FF7639	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Billhartz, Celeste -- 1982 
FF7640	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Binet, Francis Emeric -- 1962 -1963
FF7641	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Binger, Alex -- 1961 -- 1986
FF7642	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bintzer, H. Russell -- 1960
FF7643	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Biometrika -- 1955
FF7644	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Birkel, Paul Anton -- 1981
FF7645	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Birnbaum, Mark -- 1980
FF7646	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bisanz, Jeffrey and Jo-Anne Le Fevne -- 1982
FF7647	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bjork, Robert A. -- 1972-1999
FF7648	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bjornson, Bruce N. -- 1987
FF7649	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Black, Duncan -- 1965
FF7650	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Black, Fischer -- 1964
FF7651	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Black Ink Productions -- 1996
FF7652	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Black, Max -- 1984 -1985
FF7653	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blalock, Hubert M. -- 1963 -- 1985
FF7654	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blanchet, Alex -- 1982-1986
FF7655	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blanford, Paul -- 1999 - 2000
FF7656	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blatt, Sidney -- 1964
FF7657	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blau, Peter M. -- 1956-1976
FF7658	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blaug, Mark -- 1983-1985
FF7659	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blaustein, Stuart -- 1989
FF7660	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bledsoe, Thomas A. -- 1950
FF7661	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bledsoe, Woody -- 1984-1994
FF7662	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blessing, Steve -- 1995 -1996
FF7663	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Block, Richard A. -- 1983
FF7664	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bloomquist, Lee -- 1994 -1998
FF7665	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Blough, Carman G. -- 1951
FF7666	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blue Cross Plan For Hospital Care -- 1948 -1949
FF7667	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bluestein, Paul H. -- 1973
FF7668	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blum, Fred H. -- 1957
FF7669	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blum, Gerald -- 1957
FF7670	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blum, John A. -- 1956
FF7671	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blum, Richard -- 1975 -1976
FF7672	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blume, Carola -- 1943
FF7673	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blumen, Jean -- 1970 -1971
FF7674	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Blumstein, Alfred -- 1994 -1996
FF7675	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bobbs-Merrill Company -- 1961-1972
 
Box 92 - Continued
FF7676	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bobrow, Daniel G -- 1962 -1978
FF7677	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bock, Edwin A. -- 1955
FF7678	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Böcker, H.D. -- 1978
FF7679	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boden, Tiffany A. -- 1999 - 2000
FF7680	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boder, Andre -- 1989 -- 1991
FF7681	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boehm, George A.W. -- 1968
FF7682	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boeing Airplane Company -- 1955
FF7683	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bogdan, Radu -- 1969
FF7684	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bohnert, Herbert B. -- 1947 -1978
FF7685	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bohnert, Lea M. --1949 -1970
FF7686	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bois, J.S.A. -- 1949 -1951
FF7687	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bolam, Guy -- 1960
FF7688	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boland, Larry -- 1979 -1996
FF7689	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bolduan, Miriam -- 1977
FF7690	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bollens, John C. -- 1956
FF7691	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bolmarcich, Joseph J. -- 1976
FF7692	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bombay Management Association -- 1960
FF7693	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bonar, John R. -- 1966
FF7694	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boneau, Alan -- 1998
FF7695	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bonder, Seth -- 1978
FF7696	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boness, James -- 1963
FF7697	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bonner and Moore Associates, Inc. -- 1966
FF7698	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bonnie, John -- 1989 -1991, 1993-1995, 1997
FF7699	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bonsiepe, Gui -- 1965
FF7700	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Booker, Henry G. -- 1967
FF7701	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Booth, D.A. -- 1976
FF7702	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Booz Allen  Hamilton -- 1954 -1955
FF7703	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Borchardt, Craig -- 1994
FF7704	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Borgatta, Edgar F. -- 1955 -1957
FF7705	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Borgenhammar, Edgar -- 1968 -1982
FF7706	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Borges, Jorge Luis -- 1989
FF7707	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boring, Edwin G. -- 1958 -1963
FF7708	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Borko, Harold -- 1961 -- 1971
FF7709	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bornholz, Robert C. -- 1964 -1973
FF7710	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Borodkin, F.M.-- 1969 -1970
FF7711	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Borquist, Lars -- 1968
FF7712	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Borsting, Jack R. -- 1984
FF7713	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bortz, Alfred B. -- 1983 -1991
FF7714	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bossert, Richard W. -- 1994
FF7715	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boston University -- 1959
FF7716	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bostrom, Karl -- 1954
FF7717	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Botkin, Alex -- 2000
FF7718	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boudon, Philippe -- 1998 - 1999
FF7719	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boudon, Raymond -- 1989 - 2000
 
Box 92 - Continued
FF7720	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bourgeois, M. -- 1969
FF7721	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bourgin, Frank -- 1988
FF7722	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bouril, Ruth -- 1949 -1950
FF7723	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bournaska, Milena -- 1999
FF7724	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bourne, Lyle -- 1986
FF7725	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bourne, William P. -- 1976
FF7726	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bouroncle, Pedro T. -- 1981
FF7727	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boutebiba, Paul -- 1956
FF7728	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boutin, Anne-Marie -- 1965
FF7729	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bouwman, Mannus J. -- 1975-1984 **Restricted File**
FF7730	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bovard, Everett W. -- 1956
FF7731	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bowen, Howard R. -- 1954 -1978
FF7732	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bower, Gordon W. -- 1963 - 1993
FF7733	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bower, Joseph L. -- 1963 -1968

Box 93
Correspondence

FF7734	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bowerman, E.R. -- 1955
FF7735	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bowles, Samuel -- 1988
FF7736	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Bowman, Edward H. -- 1959 -1962
FF7737	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Bowman, Mary Jean -- 1956 -1957
FF7738	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boyarski, Daniel -- 1999
FF7739	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Boyer, William -- 1958 
FF7740	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Braam, Geert P.A. -- 1968 -1990
FF7741	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bradburn, Norman M. -- 1975
FF7742	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Bradley, Joseph E. -- 1963
FF7743	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bradwhaw, Gary -- 1982 -1999 ** Restricted 	File**
FF7744	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brainerd, Charles J. -- 1976
FF7745	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Braithwaite, R. B. -- 1957 -1958
FF7746	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bramson, Robert M. -- 1961
FF7747	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- BRAND, Howard -- 1957
FF7748	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brandeis University -- 1962 -1972
FF7749	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- BRANDenburg, Richard G. -- 1967-1978
FF7750	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brannick, Alvin P. -- 1991
FF7751	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Branscomb, Lewis M. -- 1969 - 1977
FF7752	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bransferd, John -- 1988 **Restricted File**
FF7753	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Branson, Robert K. --1995
FF7754	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brass, Paul W. -- 1963
FF7755	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brau, Jon -- 1978
FF7756	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Braude, Ben B.  1979
FF7757	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Braverman, Max -- 1967
FF7758	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Braybrocke, David -- 1960 -1995
 
Box 93 - Continued
FF7759	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bree, David S. -- 1965 -1998 **Restricted File**
FF7760	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Breen, Leonard Z. -- 1948 -1950
FF7761	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brenner, Malcolm -- 1966
FF7762	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brenner, Mory --1996
FF7763	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brenner, Reuven -- 1982
FF7764	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brent, Jim -- 1996
FF7765	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bresnick, David -- 1983
FF7766	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Breteler, Michiel -- 1982
FF7767	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brewer, Garry -- 1984
FF7768	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brewster, Kingman -- 1962- 1963
FF7769	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brewster, William M. -- 1952
FF7770	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bricston, Robert C. -- 1972 -1975
FF7771	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Briggs, Channing M. -- 1957 -1959
FF7772	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Briggs, Joe W. -- 1949
FF7773	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brightsen, Ronald A. -- 1966 -1979
FF7774	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brisley, C.L. -- 1953 -1955
FF7775	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- British American Oil Company, The -- 1955
FF7776	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- British Broadcasting Compnay -- 1978 -- 1983
FF7777	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- British Journal for the Philosophy of Science -- 1974 -1982
FF7778	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- British Journal of Psychology -- 1965 -1978
FF7779	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- British Library of Political and Economic Science -- 1964
FF7780	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- British Psychological Society -- 1988 - 1991
FF7781	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Broadbent, Donald E. -- 1985 - 1987
FF7782	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brock, Horace W. -- 1993
FF7783	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brock, William -- 1987
FF7784	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brockman, John -- 1985
FF7785	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brodbeck, Arthur J. -- 1956
FF7786	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brodbeck, May -- 1958 -1966
FF7787	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brodey, Warren -- 1967 -1968
FF7788	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Broggi, Luigi -- 1968
FF7789	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bromeley, Tom R. -- 1967-1998
FF7790	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bromiley, Philip -- 1982 - 2000 **Restricted File**
FF7791	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bromme, Rainer -- 1980
FF7792	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bronfenbrenner, Martin -- 1960 -1992
FF7793	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brook, Tim -- 1984
FF7794	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brookhaven National Laboratory -- 1972 -1976
FF7795	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- The Brookings Institute -- 1954 - 1983
FF7796	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brooks, E.P. -- 1952
FF7797	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brooks, Frederick, P., Jr. -- 1999
FF7798	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brooks, Harvey -- 1969 -1988
 
Box 93 - Continued
FF7799	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brooks, Ruven -- 1974
FF7800	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Broom, Leonard -- 1954
FF7801	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brosi, Kathleen B. -- 1982
FF7802	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brosin, Henry W. -- 1972
FF7803	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Broughton, John M. -- 1987
FF7804	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown, Carroll J. -- 1953 -1954
FF7805	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown, David S. -- 1955
FF7806	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown, Edmund -- 1942
FF7807	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown, E.H. Phelps -- 1955-1958
FF7808	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown, George K. -- 1960
FF7809	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown, Grace L. -- 1942-1978
FF7810	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown, Harold I. -- 1974-1975
FF7811	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown, James C. -- 1962
FF7812	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown, Jeffrey -- 1992
FF7813	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown, John Seely, -- 1985
FF7814	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown, Paula -- 1953
FF7815	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown, Rex V. -- 1973 -1990
FF7816	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brownlee, O.H. -- 1955 -1956
FF7817	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brownrigg, William -- 1950 -1952
FF7818	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown University -- 1961-1972
FF7819	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brown University Computing Review -- 1967
FF7820	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brozen, Yale -- 1953
FF7821	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bruce, Chip -- N.D.
FF7822	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bruce Publishing Company, The -- 1960
FF7823	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bruck, H.W. -- 1956
FF7824	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brunelle, James J. -- 1971
FF7825	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bruner, Jerome S. -- 1959 - 1987
FF7826	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bruns, C. Allen -- 1974
FF7827	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brunson, Nils -- 1992
FF7828	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bryan, Dr. William L. -- 1956
FF7829	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bryant, John -- 1979 -- 1996
FF7830	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bryant, RANDy -- 1999
FF7831	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bryant, W.D.A. -- 1984
FF7832	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Brynjolfsson, Erik -- 1996
FF7833	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Buchanan, Bill, -- 1995
FF7834	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Buchanan, Bruce G. -- 1973- 1998 ** Restricted File**
FF7835	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Buchanan, Emerson -- 1954 -1956
FF7836	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Buchanan, Jack -- 1974 **Restricted File**
FF7837	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Buchanan, Paul C. -- 1955
FF7838	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Büchel, Fredi -- 1979
FF7839	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Buckley, John P. -- 1961
FF7840	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Buckley, Robert J. -- 1985
FF7841	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Buckser, Stanley -- 1966
FF7842	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Buenos Aires -- 1970 -- 1971
 
Box 93 - Continued
FF7843	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Buffalo, University of -- 1962
FF7844	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Buffart, Hans -- 1982
FF7845	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bugelski, B.R. -- 1970
FF7846	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists -- 1986
FF7847	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bumas, Lester O. -- 1986 -1987
FF7848	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bunderson, C. Victor -- 1965
FF7849	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burch, Jonathan W. -- 1980
FF7850	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burchfield, Laverne -- 1999
FF7851	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burckhardt, Martin -- 1988
FF7852	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bureau of Applied Social Research -- 1953
FF7853	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bureau of the Budget -- 1946 -1965
FF7854	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bureaucracy -- 1974
FF7855	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burg, Bernard -- 1935
FF7856	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burgess, Lowry -- 1994
FF7857	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burghoff, Ing -- 1960
FF7858	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burian, Richard M. -- 1979
FF7859	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burke, F.E. -- 1961
FF7860	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burks, Arthur W. -- 1951 - 1984
FF7861	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burnett, Mary -- N.D.
FF7862	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burnham, Jack -- 1973
FF7863	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burns, A.L. -- 1960
FF7864	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burns, J.P. --1995
FF7865	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burns, Joe -- 1984
FF7866	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burns, Tom -- 1959 -1960
FF7867	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burry, William C. -- 1956
FF7868	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burstyn, Harold -- 1970 - 1971
FF7869	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burt, Cyril -- 1954-1956
FF7870	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burton, Richard -- 1976
FF7871	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Burton - Bradley, Burton G. -- 1980
FF7872	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bush, Robert R. -- 1953 -- 1955
FF7873	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Business Horizons -- 1967
FF7874	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Business Review -- 1959-1960
FF7875	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Business Week -- 1957
FF7876	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Business Week, No. 2173 -- December 5, 1970 -- 1970-1971
FF7877	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Bussolin, Giandiero -- 1979-2000
FF7878	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Butler University -- 1957
FF7879	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Butterworths -- 1961
FF7880	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Byrd, Robert L. -- 1985
FF7881	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Byrne, Chris -- 1996
FF7882	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Byrne, James J. -- 1957
FF7883	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Byrne, Robert -- 1963
FF7884	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cadogan Communications, Ltd. --1992
FF7885	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cahouet, Frank V. -- 1994
FF7886	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cai, Wen -- 1987
 
Box 93 - Continued
FF7887	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cao, Yuan -- 1999
FF7888	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Caldwell, Lynton K. -- 1951
FF7889	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Calfee, Robert -- 1981
FF7890	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Calhoun, Dan -- 1949 -1951
FF7891	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- California Clan -- 1961
FF7892	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- California Institute of Technology -- 1960-1961
FF7893	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- California State Personnel Board -- 1961
FF7894	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- California, University of (Berkley) -- 1939 -1941
FF7895	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- California, University of (Berkley) -- 1947 -1980
FF7896	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- California, University of California Press -- 1952
FF7897	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- California, University of ( San Francisco Medical Center) -- 1961
FF7898	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Callebaut, Werner -- 1984
FF7899	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Calvert, Steven L. -- 1992
FF7900	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Camacho, Antonio and Joseph J. Persky -- 1988
FF7901	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Camacho, Moises -- 1985
FF7902	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Calmbridge University Press -- 1993
FF7903	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Campbell, Donald T. -- 1954 -- 1987
FF7904	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Campbell, Douglas -- 1992
FF7905	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Campbell, Harrison S. -- 1956
FF7906	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Campbell, J.A. -- 1981
FF7907	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Campbell, Murray S. -- 1986 -- 1997
FF7908	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Campbell, Stuart -- 1953
FF7909	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Campos, Arthur N. -- 1970 -- 1971
FF7910	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Campos, Marcial -- 1966
FF7911	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Campus World, Inc. -- 1960
FF7912	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Canada Council -- 1967 -- 1986
FF7913	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Canadian Committee of Scientists and Scholars -- 	1984
FF7914	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Canadien Industries Ltd. -- 1959
FF7915	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Candland, David A. -- 1966
FF7916	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cannon, E.W. -- 1954
FF7917	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cappa, M. Serge -- 1982
FF7918	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cappon Daniel -- 1990
FF7919	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carasso, Max -- 1966
FF7920	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carbonell, Jaime -- 1995 - 2000
 
Box 94
Correspondence

FF7921	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Card, Stuart -- 1975 -- 1999
FF7922	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cards, Miscellaneous -- N.D.
FF7923	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cardoso, J. -- 2000
FF7924	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carey, Donna -- 1999
FF7925	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carey, Susan -- 1982
FF7926	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carhart, R.R. -- 1954
FF7927	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carley, Kathleen -- 2001
FF7928	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carlson, Svne -- 1975
FF7929	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carlstronm, Chris -- 1991
FF7930	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnap, Rudolf -- 1937 -1958
FF7931	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Bosch Institute -- 1996
FF7932	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Corporation of New York -- 1961 - 1997
FF7933	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Conference -- 1964 -1972
FF7934	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institute -- 1993
FF7935	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institute (Museums) --1985 -1990
FF7936	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institute (Museums) -- 1991 -1998
FF7937	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1951-1965
FF7938	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (Campus YMCA / YWCA ) --1965
FF7939	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (College of Engineering and Science) -- 1963
FF7940	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (Department of Military Science and Tactics) -- 1960
FF7941	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (Division of Student Affairs) -- 1960 -1961
FF7942	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institue of Technology (GSIA) -- 1985
FF7943	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (Maurice Falk Lecture Series) -- 1959-1960
FF7944	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (Project Social Studies ) -- 1963
FF7945	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (Psychology) -- 1971
FF7946	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (Spring Printing Management Alumni Seminar ) -- 1963
FF7947	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carner, David -- 1978 -- 1984
FF7948	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Caron-Pargue, Josiane -- 1985 - 1994
FF7949	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carpenter, Pat and Marcel Just -- 1975 - 1996
FF7950	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carr, Frank J. -- 1960
FF7951	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carr, John W. III -- 1958 -1967
FF7952	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carroll, Dr. Edward J. -- 1961 - 1967
FF7953	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carroll, Eugene J. Jr. -- 1979 -1985 
FF7954	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carroll, John B. -- 1966 -1990
 
Box 94 - Continued
FF7955	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carroll, John M. -- 1974 - 1992
FF7956	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carroll, John S. -- 1973
FF7957	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carroll, Thomas H. -- 1952
FF7958	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carson, Gordon B. -- 1973
FF7959	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carter, Arthur L. -- 1961
FF7960	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carter, Luther -- 1982
FF7961	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carterette, Edward C. -- 1967 -1983
FF7962	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carvana, Rich -- 1989 - 2000 **Restricted File**
FF7963	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carver, Charles S. -- 1981
FF7964	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Carver, Sharon -- 2000
FF7965	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Casanovas, Pompeu -- 2000
FF7966	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Case Institute of Technology -- 1955 -1967
FF7967	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Case- Western Reserve University -- 1963
FF7968	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Casey, Hugh -- 1987
FF7969	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cass, David -- 1978
FF7970	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cassinelli, C.W. -- 1953 - 1955
FF7971	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Castenada, Hector N. -- 1966
FF7972	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Casti, John L. -- 1988
FF7973	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Castle, Lynn E. -- 1954
FF7974	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cazen, Courtney B. -- 1973 -1974
FF7975	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Celender, Don -- 1995
FF7976	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences (Standford University) -- 1954 -1988
FF7977	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Center for Defense Information -- 1985
FF7978	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Center for Philosophy of Science -- 1965-1997
FF7979	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Central Intelligence Agency -- 1960
FF7980	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cervin, V. -- 1957
FF7981	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chagas, Elrez de Oliveria -- 1998
FF7982	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chaiklin, Seth -- 1982- 1993
FF7983	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chall, Jeanne S. -- 1982
FF7984	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Challenge -- 1986 -- 1987
FF7985	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chalmers, Ellison -- 1957
FF7986	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chamberlin, Edward H. -- 1949 - 1955
FF7987	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chamberlin, Neil -- 1957
FF7988	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Champernowne -- 1954
FF7989	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chan, Chiu-Shui -- 1985 - 2001 **Restricted File**
FF7990	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chan, Sui - Wah -- 1982
FF7991	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chandler, Margaret K. -- 1961
FF7992	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chandler, Tertius -- 1978
FF7993	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chandra, Mahesh -- 1967
FF7994	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chandrasekaran, B. --1993
FF7995	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chang, Ha-Joon -- 1994 - 1997
FF7996	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chao, Hao-Cheng
 
Box 94 - Continued
FF7997	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chapman, David -- 1965
FF7998	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chapman, Herbert W. -- 1949
FF7999	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chapman, John F. -- 1954 -1955
FF8000	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chapman, John W. -- 1979
FF8001	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chapman, Robert L. -- 1953 - 1978
FF8002	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chapman, Simon -- 1993
FF8003	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chaput, Judy -- 1984
FF8004	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Charles Babbage Foundation -- 1957 -1993
FF8005	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Charles E. Merriam and the Chicago School of 	Political Science -- 1986
FF8006	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Charnes, Abe -- 1965 - 1996
FF8007	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Charness, Neil -- 1974 - 1989
FF8008	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Charniak, Eugene -- 1974
FF8009	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Charpie, Robert A. -- 1964 -1978
FF8010	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Charters, W.W. Jr. -- 1953
FF8011	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chase, William G. -- 1983 - 1984
FF8012	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chattenjee, Bishwa -- 1971
FF8013	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chauncey, Henry -- 1995
FF8014	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cheanin, M. -- 1958
FF8015	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cheatham, Thomas E. Jr. -- 1972
FF8016	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chemstand Company -- 1965
FF8017	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chen, Ping -- 1987 - 2000
FF8018	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cheng, Patricia -- 1986
FF8019	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cheng, Peter -- 1990 -1999 **Restricted Files**
FF8020	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chensoff, Andrew -- N.D.
FF8021	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chernak, Yuri -- 1987
FF8022	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chernin, Milton -- 1943 -1986
FF8023	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chernoff, Herman -- 1953
FF8024	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chess -- 1963 -- 1970
FF8025	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chessin, P.L. -- 1954
FF8026	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chess Life -- 1964 -1981
FF8027	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chester, T.E. -- 1960
FF8028	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chi, Michelene T.H. -- 1970 -1990
FF8029	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chi Yun -- 2000
FF8030	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chicago, University of -- 1947 - 1996
FF8031	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chicago, University of  (Department of Political Science) -- 1939-1942
FF8032	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chicago, University of Chicago Press -- 1954 - 1955
FF8033	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Children’s Hospital of the District of Columbia -- 1970
FF8034	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Child Right Worldwide -- 1996
FF8035	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- China -- Chinese Academy of Science -- 1980-1998
 
Box 94 - Continued
FF8036	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- China --Chinese Academy of Social Sciences -- 1984-1988
FF8037	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- China -- Chinese Applicants -- 1983 - 1989
FF8038	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- China -- Chinese Economists Society -- 1994
FF8039	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- China -- Chinese J-1 Waiver Bill -- 1989
FF8040	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- China -- Chinese University of Hong Kong -- 1986-1991
FF8041	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- China -- Chinese Young Economists Society -- 	1988 - 1990
FF8042	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- China -- Embassy of the PRC -- 1982 -1983
FF8043	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- China -- Fu, Zhengyuan -- 1982 -1990
FF8044	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- China -- Gao, Quingshi -- 1985 -1986
FF8045	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- China -- Tiajin University -- 1980 -  1983
FF8046	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- China -- Miscellaneous -- 1980 - 1997

Box 95
Correspondence

FF8047	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chinitz, Benjamin -- 1967
FF8048	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chinn, David -- 1994 -1995
FF8049	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chious, Shang- Chia -- 1994
FF8050	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chipman, Susan -- 1988
FF8051	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chisman, James A. -- 1966
FF8052	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chon, Dae Yun -- 1994
FF8053	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Christenson, Charles -- 1972 -1973
FF8054	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Christian, Susan -- 1975
FF8055	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Christiano, Paul -- 1996
FF8056	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Christensen, Jeff -- 1995
FF8057	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Christensen, Richard -- 1991
FF8058	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Christie, Lee S. -- 1953
FF8059	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chrysler Corporation -- 1954 -1967
FF8060	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chü, Chuan - Lu -- 1983
FF8061	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chung, Hanching -- 1999 - 2000
FF8062	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Church, Alonzo -- 1954
FF8063	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Churchman, C. West -- 1952
FF8064	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Chvátal, Vašek -- 1979
FF8065	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cicarelli, James -- 1986 - 1989
FF8066	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ciccone, V.R. -- 1956
FF8067	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cincinnati, University of -- 1970 -1971
FF8068	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Citizens for the Constitution -- 1979
FF8069	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- City Council of Pittsburgh -- 1994
FF8070	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- City of Cincinnati -- 1954
FF8071	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- City National Bank and Trust Company -- 1948
FF8072	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- City of Oakland, California (City Planning Commission) -- 1942
 
Box 95 - Continued
FF8073	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- City of Philadelphia -- 1957
FF8074	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- City University of New York -- 1970-1971
FF8075	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Civic Unity Council -- 1950
FF8076	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Civil Service Commission -- 1950
FF8077	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clark, Alexander -- 1971
FF8078	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clark, Burton R. -- 1956
FF8079	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clark, Eloise E. -- 1986
FF8080	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clark, Herbert H. -- 1966-1976
FF8081	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clark, John G. -- N.D.
FF8082	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clark, Leslie L. -- 1959
FF8083	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clark, Maurice H. -- 1957
FF8084	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clark, Pat -- 2000
FF8085	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clark, Teny N. -- 1963-1988
FF8086	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clark, Wes -- 1992
FF8087	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clarke, David -- 1982
FF8088	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clarke, Edmund -- 1995-1999
FF8089	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clarkson, Geoffrey P.E. -- 1960-1978
FF8090	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clawson, C.J. -- 1972
FF8091	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clayton, Ken -- 1971
FF8092	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clearinghouse For Research in Human Organization, The -- 1955
FF8093	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cleary, John -- 1990
FF8094	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cleary, Jonas -- 1987
FF8095	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cleaven, Craig -- 1999
FF8096	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cleeton, Glen U. -- 1957
FF8097	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clement, David E. -- 1986
FF8098	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clement, John J. -- 1986
FF8099	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cleverley, Graham -- 1979
FF8100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cliff, Norman -- 1956 -1983
FF8101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cliffe, Frank B. Jr. -- 1951-1968
FF8102	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clifton, James A. -- 1988
FF8103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cloid, Gielow, & Dudley, Inc. -- 1948
FF8104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cloonan, Theodore F. -- 1960
FF8105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Clymer, Ben A. -- 1959 -- 1960
FF8106	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- CMU Philosopy Club -- 1983
FF8107	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cobbledick, Winnifred -- 1943
FF8108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cochrane, Donald -- 1961-1963
FF8109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Coffman, Ray H. -- 1953
FF8110	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cogan, Edward J. -- 1955
FF8111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cogan, John -- 1987
FF8112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cognition and Instruction -- 1981
FF8113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cognitive Network -- 1980
FF8114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cognitive Psychology -- 1972 -- 1975
FF8115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cognitive Psychology -- Reviews -- 1970-1980
 
Box 95 - Continued
FF8116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cognitive Science -- 1975-1989
FF8117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cognitive Science Society -- 1980-1985
FF8118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cohen, Andrew -- 1995
FF8119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cohen, David -- 1995
FF8120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cohen, Harold -- 1973-2000
FF8121	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cohen, Joel E. -- 1963-1986
FF8122	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cohen, Joseph W. -- 1958-1959
FF8123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cohen, Neil -- 1982
FF8124	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cohen, Paul -- 1993
FF8125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cohen, Robert 1986-2000
FF8126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Colander, David C. -- 1991
FF8127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Colby College -- 1962
FF8128	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Colby, Kenneth M. --1973-1989
FF8129	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Coleman, Bernard -- 1974
FF8130	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Coleman, Edward P. -- 1950
FF8131	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Colemn, Howard -- 1966
FF8132	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Coleman, James, 1953-1993
FF8133	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Coles, Stephen L. -- 1964-1997
FF8134	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Colin, Michael D.P. -- 1982
FF8135	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Collbohm, Frank -- 1958
FF8136	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Collins, Alan -- 1974-1982
FF8137	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Collins, Norman R. -- 1955
FF8138	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Colm, Gerhard -- 1957
FF8139	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Colorado, University of -- 1958 -- 1972
FF8140	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Columbia Broadcasting System (CBS) -- 1959
FF8141	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Columbia University -- 1950-1989
FF8142	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Combes, J.J. -- 1974
FF8143	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Comite International De L’Organisation Scientifique -- 1968-1969
FF8144	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Commentary -- N.D.
FF8145	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Committee for Constitutional Integrity -- 1986
FF8146	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Committee for Economic Development -- 1953
FF8147	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Committee for State Constitutional Revision -- 1962
FF8148	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Committee of Concerned Scientists, Inc. -- 1976-1990
FF8149	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Committee on International Exchange of Persons -- 1951
FF8150	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Committee on Public Administration Cases -- 1950-1951
FF8151	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Committee on Science and Technology ( U.S. House of  Representatives) -- 1976
FF8152	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Communications of the ACM -- 1984
FF8153	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Community Surveys, Inc. -- 1955
 
Box 95 - Continued
FF8154	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Computational Intelligence Journal -- 1995
FF8155	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Computer Chess Game (Fidelity Electronics) -- 1980
FF8156	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility -- 1985-1989
FF8157	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Computing Reviews -- 1964-1967
FF8158	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- The Conference Board -- 1970
FF8159	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Conference Board of Associated Research Councils -- 1955-1957
FF8160	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Conference on Socio-Economic Integration -- 1966
FF8161	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Conklin, Harold C. -- 1966-1976
FF8162	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Conrad, Helmuth -- 1995
FF8163	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Consortium of Social Science Associations -- 1989
FF8164	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Consultants in Management Science Group, Inc -- 1981
FF8165	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Contemporary Authors -- 1995
FF8166	Simon. Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Contemporary Psychology -- 1956
FF8167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Contini, Bruno -- 1962
FF8168	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Control Data vs. Carnegie - Mellon -- 1972
FF8169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Controllership Foundation -- 1967-1969
FF8170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Convair -- 1956
FF8171	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Conway, James -- 1994
FF8172	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cook County -- 1949
FF8173	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cook, Thomas I. -- 1950-1963
FF8174	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Cookingham, L.P. -- 1985
FF8175	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Coombs, Clyde H. -- 1961-1962
FF8176	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cooper, Joseph D. -- 1954
FF8177	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cooper, Leon -- 1950
FF8178	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cooper, Roger M. -- 1973
FF8179	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cooper, Russell M. -- 1963
FF8180	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cooper, William W. -- 1939-2001
FF8181	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art -- 1959
FF8182	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Co-Operative Engineers, The -- 1947
FF8183	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cooperative League of the U.S.A. -- 1963
FF8184	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Coordinating Center for Democratic Opinion -- 1969
FF8185	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Copyright Clearance Center -- 1999 **Restricted File**
FF8186	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Copyright Law, Letter to Congressman -- 1975
FF8187	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Corbett, Albert Thomas -- N.D. **Restricted File**
FF8188	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Corbett, John D. -- 1982
 
Box 95 - Continued
FF8189	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Corder, Clinton -- 1985
FF8190	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Corder, Lloyd -- 1981-1985
FF8191	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cordeschi, Roberto -- 1975-2001
FF8192	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Corey, E.J. -- 1990
FF8193	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- CORG [Combat Operations Research Group] -- 	1957
FF8194	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Corley, H.W. -- 1986
FF8195	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cornell, Francis G. -- 1953
FF8196	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cornell University -- 1949-1986
FF8197	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Corner, George W. -- 1999
FF8198	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cornog, Geoffrey Y. -- 1955-1957
FF8199	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Coronel, Jose Y. -- 1966
FF8200	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Corrigan, Ruth R. -- 1977
FF8201	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Corsini, Raymond J. -- 1995-1996

Box 96
Correspondence

FF8202	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cosmos Club -- 1980-1994
FF8203	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Costa Martins, Dr. Manuel A da -- 1988
FF8204	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Costello, Timothy W. -- 1980
FF8205	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cotton, Frank E. Jr. -- 1974
FF8206	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cotton, John W. -- 1973-1974
FF8207	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cottrell, Leonard -- 1957-1963
FF8208	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Coulombe, Pierre E. -- 1962-1963
FF8209	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Council for Advancement of Science Writing
FF8210	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Council for a Livable World -- 1986
FF8211	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Council of Industiral Design -- 1968
FF8212	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Council for International Progress in Management -- 1969
FF8213	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Courbon, J.C. -- 1976
FF8214	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Courtney, James F. -- 1984
FF8215	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Courtney, Mildred -- 1962
FF8216	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cortois, P.J. -- 1971 -- 1991
FF8217	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Covey, Preston King -- 1995-1998
FF8218	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cowan, John -- 1980
FF8219	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cowles Commision -- 1949-1970
FF8220	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cox, David M. -- 1955
FF8221	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Coyle, Grace -- 1951
FF8222	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Coyne, William J. -- 1979-1984
FF8223	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crainer, Stuart -- 1996
FF8224	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cramer, J.S. -- 1966
FF8225	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crane, Philip M. -- 1978
FF8226	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crane, Roger R. -- 1955 -1958
FF8227	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crawford, Bryce -- 1982
FF8228	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crawford, Robert W. -- 1953-1985
 
Box 96 - Continued
FF8229	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Creative and Extraordinary People Project -- 1974
FF8230	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Crecine, John P. -- 1959-1997
FF8231	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Creelman, George D. -- 1957
FF8232	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crelinsten, Jeffrey -- 1986
FF8233	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cresap, Mark W. -- 1953
FF8234	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Creutz, E. -- 1956
FF8235	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crevier, Daniel -- 1992
FF8236	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crider, Hoyt -- 1949
FF8237	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crites, Carl Raymond -- 1992
FF8238	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crocker, Steve -- 1966 -- 1967
FF8239	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cronbach, Lee J. -- 1964-1979
FF8240	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cronkite, Eugene P. -- 1963
FF8241	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crook, Rodney K. -- 1962
FF8242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crookall, Paul -- 2000
FF8243	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crosby, Robert W. -- 1982
FF8244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crossroads -- 1999
FF8245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crow, James -- 1983 -- 1985
FF8246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crowley, Kevin -- 1995
FF8247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crozier, Michel -- 1959-1979
FF8248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Crutchfield, Richard S. -- 1961-1962
FF8249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cruz, Salviano -- 1963
FF8250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cui, Hongqui -- 1990
FF8251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cukierman, Alex -- 1985
FF8252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cunha, Mario Wagner V. -- 1949
FF8253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cuoco, Albert A. -- 1984
FF8254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Current Biography -- 1978
FF8255	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Current Trends Conference -- 1959
FF8256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cunneni, Donald -- 1973
FF8257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cushing, Karen -- 1995
FF8258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cyert, Dean Lynn -- 1989
FF8259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cyert, Richard -- 1952-1979
FF8260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Cyert, Richard -- 1978-1998
FF8261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dabija, Vlad -- 1989
FF8262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Daedalus -- 1959
FF8263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dahl, Robert A. -- 1947-1985
FF8264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dailey, Charles A. -- 1956
FF8265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dale, Alfred C. -- 1961
FF8266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dale, Ernest -- 1948-1974
FF8267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dalenoort, G.J. -- 1980 -- 1981
FF8268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dalesandro, Doreen -- 1985
FF8269	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Daley, Robert P. -- 1977
FF8270	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dall’Asta, Eberhard -- 1984
FF8271	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dana, R.W. -- 1985
FF8272	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Danforth Foundation, The -- 1959
 
Box 96 - Continued
FF8273	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dangerfield, Roy -- 1949
FF8274	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Daniels, Harry Waller -- 1955-1956
FF8275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Danow, Renate -- 1985
FF8276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dansereau, Donald F. -- 1966 -- 1983 **Restricted File**
FF8277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dantzig, George -- 1982
FF8278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Darden, Lindley -- 1981-1997
FF8279	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Darden, Steve -- 1965-1966
FF8280	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Darlington, Elizabeth -- 1984
FF8281	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Darlington, Philip J. Jr. -- 1982
FF8282	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dasgupta, A. -- 1960 -- 1968
FF8283	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dasgupta, Siddhartha -- 1964
FF8284	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dasgupta, Subrata -- 1992, 2000
FF8285	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dasovich, Michael -- 1952
FF8286	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- David, Edward E. Jr. -- 1970
FF8287	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Davidson, Donald -- 1979
FF8288	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Davis, Bernard D. -- 1990
FF8289	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Davis, Erroll -- 2000
FF8290	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Davis, J. Sanford -- 1961
FF8291	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Davis, Kingsley -- 1963-1986
FF8292	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Davis, Otto -- 1973-1998
FF8293	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Davis, Paul K.-- 1991
FF8294	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Davis, Pearce -- 1951-1956
FF8295	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Davis, Ralph C. -- 1961
FF8296	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Davis, Robert B. -- 1979
FF8297	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Davis, Walter E.-- 1960-1964
FF8298	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dawes, Norman -- 1989
FF8299	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dawes, Robyn -- 1989-2000
FF8300	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dawson, John M. -- 1982
FF8301	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Day, Frank -- 1984
FF8302	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Day, Richard -- 1978-2001
FF8303	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dean, Krista -- 1988
FF8304	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dean, Susannah -- 1982
FF8305	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Dearborn, Dewitt C. -- 1961-1978
FF8306	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- DeBenedetti, S. -- 1985-1986
FF8307	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Debreu, Gerard -- 1950-1984
FF8308	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Decker, Craig A. -- 1969
FF8309	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Decker, Michael -- 1967-1969
FF8310	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dedham Conference (William Kessen) -- 1960-1961
FF8311	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dedijer, S. -- 1975
FF8312	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Deffner, Gerhard -- 1979-1988
FF8313	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- deGrazia, Alfred -- 1955
FF8314	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- DeGroot, Adriaan D. -- 1954-1989, 1997
FF8315	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- deGuenin, Jacques -- 1960
 
Box 96 - Continued
FF8316	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dehio, Peter -- 1974
FF8317	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- DeJulius, Carmelo -- 1979
FF8318	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- deKleer, Johan -- 1980
FF8319	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- deKok, L.A. -- 1981-1983
FF8320	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Delahanty, Polly -- 2000
FF8321	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Delaney, Peter -- 1993
FF8322	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Delaney, William A. -- 1980
FF8323	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- DeLeon, Patrick -- 1955
FF8324	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- DeLuca, Ed -- 1959
FF8325	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Demaria, Giovanni -- 1979
FF8326	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Demerath, N.J. -- 1950-1960
FF8327	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dempster, Everett -- 1982
FF8328	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dencik, Lars -- 1968
FF8329	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Denhardt, Robert B. -- 1980
FF8330	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dennett, Daniel C. -- 1986
FF8331	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Denny, Terry -- 1969
FF8332	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Denofsky, Murray -- 1975
FF8333	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Department of Commerce -- 1947
FF8334	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Department of State -- 1943-1980
FF8335	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Department of the Air Force -- 1980
FF8336	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Desjardins, Benoit -- 1990
FF8337	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Desmonde, William H. -- 1961
FF8338	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- DeSoto, Clinton -- 1963
FF8339	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dessler, Gary S. -- 1975
FF8340	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Destouches, J.L. -- 1975
FF8341	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Deutsch, Karl W. -- 1951-1976
FF8342	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Deutsch, Martin -- 1969
FF8343	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Deutsch, Morton -- 1960
FF8344	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Deutsche Gesellscaft Fur Dokumentation -- 1960
FF8345	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Devins, Dorian -- 1998-1999
FF8346	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Devons, Ely -- 1964
FF8347	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dewey, Edward R. -- 1960
FF8348	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dexter, Lewis -- 1944-1956
FF8349	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dexter, Lewis -- 1959-1999
FF8350	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- De Zeeuw, G. -- 1968
FF8351	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- De-Zeng, Zhang -- 1981
FF8352	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dhar, Vasant -- 1983 -- 1996
FF8353	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dharan, Bala Ganghi -- 1977
FF8354	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dhipayamontri, Disabong -- 1963
FF8355	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Diaz, Julian III -- 1986
FF8356	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dictionary of International Biography -- 1973
FF8357	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Diebold Group, Inc. -- 1964
FF8358	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Diepenbruck, Gerd F.W. -- 1962 -1963
FF8359	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Diettench, Thomas G. -- 1985
 
Box 96 - Continued
FF8360	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dill, Charles -- 1962
FF8361	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dill, R.W. -- 1963 -- 1982
FF8362	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dillon, Wilton S. -- 1978
FF8363	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dimler, G. Richard -- 1982
FF8364	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ding, Amy -- 1998
FF8365	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dinp, Wu -- 1969
FF8366	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dionne, Jean-Paul -- N.D.
FF8367	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Director, Stephen W. -- N.D.
FF8368	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Divine, William .R.(Bill) -- 1942-1979
FF8369	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dixon, Pete -- 1995

Box 97
Correspondence

FF8370	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dobree, N.J.S. -- 1963
FF8371	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Doctoroff, Tom -- 1986
FF8372	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dodd, Stuart C. -- 1955 -1956
FF8373	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dodds, W.L. -- 1958
FF8374	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Doelmatig Bedrijfsbeheer -- 1973
FF8375	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Doherty, Robert E. -- 1949 -- 1950
FF8376	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Doktor, Robert -- 1965, 1979
FF8377	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dolbear, F. Trenery -- 1968-1978
FF8378	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Donahue, Gil -- 1960
FF8379	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Donahue, Kelly -- 1999
FF8380	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Donavan, James A. -- 1950
FF8381	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dondis, Harold B. -- 1964
FF8382	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Donham, Richard -- 1959
FF8383	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Donley, Edward -- 1998
FF8384	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Donnelly, Theo E. -- N.D.
FF8385	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Donovan, J.J. -- 1951
FF8386	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Donovan, Michael -- 1988
FF8387	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dorenbach, Wilfried -- 1980-1981
FF8388	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dörner, Dietrich -- 1978-1987
FF8389	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dorsey Press -- 1982
FF8390	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dorfman, Robert -- 1949-1953
FF8391	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Douglas, Anna G. -- 1950
FF8392	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Doumeingts, G. -- 1979
FF8393	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dover Publications -- 1953
FF8394	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Drago, Diane M. -- 1985
FF8395	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Drake University -- 1952-1953
FF8396	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dresch, Fran -- 1984
FF8397	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dresch, Francis W. -- 1950
FF8398	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Drew, James -- 1968
FF8399	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Drexel Institute of Technology -- 1960
FF8400	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Drèze, Jacques H. -- 1971-1978
FF8401	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Drithelm Family -- 1984, 1990
 
Box 97 - Continued
FF8402	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dror, Yehezkel -- 1972
FF8403	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Droste, Dieter H. -- 1963
FF8404	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Drucker, Peter -- 1987
FF8405	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dube, Mahesh -- 1988
FF8406	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dubin, Samuel S. -- 1958
FF8407	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dudai, Yadin -- 1983
FF8408	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Duff, Betty Anne M. -- 1944
FF8409	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Duffy, N.M. -- 1974
FF8410	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dufour, Edward -- 1969
FF8411	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dufty, N.F. -- 1961-1978
FF8412	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Duguest, Didier -- 1982
FF8413	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Duisberg, C.H. -- 1955
FF8414	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Duke University -- 1957
FF8415	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dukes, James H. -- 1971
FF8416	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dumelle, Jacob D. -- 1953-1991
FF8417	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dunbar, Kevin -- 1991-2000 ** Restricted File **
FF8418	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Duncan, Otis Dudley -- 1968-1988
FF8419	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dunlap, Bob -- 2000
FF8420	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dunlap, Jack W. --1954
FF8421	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dunnette, David A. -- 1981-1982
FF8422	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Duquesne University -- 1960
FF8423	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Durham, Taylor R. -- 1983
FF8424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Durkee, Donald A. -- 1971
FF8425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dusinberre, Henry W. -- 1981
FF8426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dwight D. Eisenhower Society -- 1989
FF8427	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dwyer, J.T. -- 1963
FF8428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dyer, Frederick N. -- 1987
FF8429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dym, Clive L. -- 1990-1999 ** Restricted File **
FF8430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Dyner, Isaac -- 1994
FF8431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- E & S Bulletin -- 1956
FF8432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Earl, Robert -- 1963
FF8433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Easley, J.A. Jr. -- 1965
FF8434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eastern Sociological Society -- 1951
FF8435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eastman, Charles C. -- 1975-1995
FF8436	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Easton, David -- 1953
FF8437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ebata, Yuichi -- 1973
FF8438	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ebersoll, Lisel -- 1984
FF8439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eckstein, Peter -- 1960
FF8440	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Econometric Society, The -- 1948-1957 ; 1976-1977
FF8441	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Econometrica -- 1953-1970 
FF8442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Econometrica -- 1962-1972
FF8443	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Econometrica -- 1976-1977
 
Box 97 - Continued
FF8444	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Economic Cooperation Administration -- 1948 -- 1950
FF8445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Economic Policy Institute -- 1992, 1994, 1996
FF8446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Economou, Demetrius -- 1962
FF8447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eddy, Douglas R. -- 1982
FF8448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Edgar Stern Family Fund, The -- 1959
FF8449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Edison, James A. -- 1965
FF8450	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Editions Hologramme -- 1984
FF8451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Edström, Anders -- 1978
FF8452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Edward Elgar Publishing Limited -- 1998, 2000
FF8453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Edwards, Bill -- 1979
FF8454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Edwards, Evan A. -- 1959
FF8455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Edwards, Ronald S. -- 1950-1958
FF8456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Edwards, Ward -- 1954 -1986
FF8457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Egenaes, Kaare -- 1971-1973
FF8458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Egerton, Frank N. -- 1970
FF8459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eglidi, Massimo -- 2000- 2001
FF8460	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ehlman, Ernest G. -- 1948
FF8461	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eilbirt, Henry -- 1962
FF8462	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ein Dor, Phillip -- 1969-1996
FF8463	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eisenberg, Anne F. -- 1997
FF8464	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eisenbud, Merril -- 1960
FF8465	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eisenstadt, Marc -- 1972-1976
FF8466	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eisenstadt, Shmuel N. -- 1987
FF8467	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eisenstadt, Stuart -- 1996-2000 ** Restricted File **
FF8468	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ekel, George J. -- 1977
FF8469	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eleanya, Conleth -- 1998
FF8470	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Electo-Technology -- 1962
FF8471	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eleuterio, H.S. -- 1987 -- 1988
FF8472	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Elias, Peter -- 1956
FF8473	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eliasson, Gunnar -- 1976-1996
FF8474	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Elio, Renee -- 1980 -- 1986 ** Restricted File **
FF8475	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Elithorn, Alick -- 1968-1974
FF8476	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Elkana, Yehuda -- 1992-1993
FF8477	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Elliott, Stuart -- 1994-1997
FF8478	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ellis, Brian -- 1962
FF8479	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Elmendorf, William R. -- 1964
FF8480	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Elo, Arpad E. -- 1973
FF8481	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Elrod, J.T. -- 1956
FF8482	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Elsevier Publishing Company -- 1971-1995
FF8483	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Elstein, Arthur S. -- 1971
 
Box 97 - Continued
FF8484	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Encyclopedia of Computer Science and Technology, Jack Belzer, ed. -- 1975-1997
FF8485	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Enev Nicolai -- 1982
FF8486	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eng, Wayne -- 1982
FF8487	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Engelbert, E.A. -- 1953-1954
FF8488	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- England, John H. -- 1945
FF8489	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Engwall, Lars -- 1968-1978
FF8490	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Enos, Edward -- 1985
FF8491	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Enslen, Geoffrey -- 1999
FF8492	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Enslow, Ridley -- 1982
FF8493	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Epstein, Herman T. -- 1978
FF8494	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Erasmus University -- 1973-1983
FF8495	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Erber, Ralph -- 1995
FF8496	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ericsson, Anders -- 1973-1978
FF8497	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ericsson, Anders -- 1980-1989
FF8498	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ericsson, Anders -- 1990-1995
FF8499	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ericsson, Anders -- 1996-2001
FF8500	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Erlbaum, Lawrence -- 1980
FF8501	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ernst, George -- 1963-1992 ** Restricted File **
FF8502	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ervin, John Jr. -- 1955
FF8503	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ervin, Stacey A. -- 1984
FF8504	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Espinosa, Octavio Hector Juarez -- 1996-1997
FF8505	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Esso Standard Oil Company -- 1952-1954
FF8506	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Esterich, Gosen Van -- 1956
FF8507	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Estes, William -- 1967-1996
FF8508	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Estol, Conrado -- 1987
FF8509	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Etzion, Opher -- 1986
FF8510	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Etzioni, Amitai -- 1958-2000 **  Restricted File **
FF8511	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Eulau, Heinz -- 1950-1963
FF8512	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- European Association for Evolutionary Political Economy -- 1991

Box 98
Correspondence

FF8513	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Evans, David S. -- 1984
FF8514	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Evans, James L. -- 1964
FF8515	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Evarts, George William -- 1957
FF8516	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Executive Office of the President -- 1942 -- 1950
FF8517	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fabian, Tibor -- 1955
FF8518	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fabricant, Solomon -- 1949
FF8519	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fafard, Mary - Beth -- 1975
 
Box 98 - Continued
FF8520	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fagerberg, Sven -- 1969
FF8521	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fairbanks, Helen H. -- 1951
FF8522	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fajtlowicz, Siemion -- 1998
FF8523	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fakhry, R. -- 1949
FF8524	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fals, Mary -- 1994
FF8525	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fallside, David -- 1984-1990 ** Restricted File **
FF8526	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Falk, Thomas -- 1984
FF8527	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Faludi, Andreas -- 1987-1990
FF8528	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fan, Dainian -- 1983
FF8529	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fang, Rong-Jin
FF8530	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Farah, Martha -- 1987-2000
FF8531	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Faris, William -- 1959
FF8532	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Farley, Arthur -- 1973-1992 ** Restricted File **
FF8533	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Farley, Frank -- 1985
FF8534	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Farm Foundation -- 1958
FF8535	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Farmer, W.W. -- 1962
FF8536	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Farquhar, Henry H. -- 1946
FF8537	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Farraro, Thomas J. -- 1979
FF8538	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Faucheux, Claude -- 1969-1973
FF8539	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Faulk, Harry R. -- 1980
FF8540	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Faux, M. Charles -- 1963 -1964
FF8541	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fava, John L. -- 1961 -- 1962
FF8542	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Faverau, Olivier -- 1996
FF8543	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Faverty, Frederic E. -- 1963
FF8544	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Faverge, J.M. -- 1974
FF8545	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Faxen, Karl O. -- 1952
FF8546	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Faynzilberg, Peter -- 1995 ** Restricted File **
FF8547	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Federation of American Scientists -- 1980 - 2000
FF8548	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Federation of Behavioral, Psychological and Cognitive Sciences -- 1987
FF8549	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Federal Bureau of Investigation -- 1979 - 1981
FF8550	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Federal Security Agency -- 1951
FF8551	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Feely, James K. Jr. -- 1952
FF8552	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fei, John C.H. -- 1956
FF8553	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Feibel, Werner -- 1977 - 1978
FF8554	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Feigenbaum, Edward -- 1950 -1961
FF8555	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Feigenbaum, Edward -- 1956 - 1968
FF8556	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Feigenbaum, Edward -- 1969 - 2000
FF8557	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Feigl, Herbert -- 1951 - 1959
 
Box 98 - Continued
FF8558	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fein, Louis - 1959
FF8559	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Feldman, Julian -- 1957 - 1978
FF8560	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Feldstein, Leonard C. - 1952
FF8561	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fellows, John -- 1996
FF8562	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Felwel, George R. - 1984
FF8563	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fenves, Steven J. -- 1988 - 1996
FF8564	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ferber, Robert -- 1961 - 1962
FF8565	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ference, Michael Jr. - 1969
FF8566	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ference, Thomas -- 1967 - 1973
FF8567	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ferguson, C.M. -- 1954
FF8568	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ferguson, Eva -- 1962
FF8569	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fernandez, Ronald -- 1998 - 2000
FF8570	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ferranti, Basil -- 1967 - 1968
FF8571	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ferri, Franco -- 1975
FF8572	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ferris, Walter -- 1949 - 1951
FF8573	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ferry, W.H. -- 1960
FF8574	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fesler, James W. -- 1944 - 1954
FF8575	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Festinger, Leon -- 1954 - 1965
FF8576	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fichman, Mark -- 1990 - 2000
FF8577	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fiel, Stanley B. -- 1974
FF8578	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Field, Hartry H. -- 1986
FF8579	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Field, R.A. -- 1954
FF8580	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Field, Wendy -- 1969
FF8581	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fienberg, Steve -- 1998
FF8582	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fikes, Richard -- 1974
FF8583	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fikes, Richard E. -- 1964
FF8584	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Filippi, Francesco -- 1984 - 1985
FF8585	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Findler, Nicholas V. -- 1963 - 2000
FF8586	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fine, Ruben -- 1972 -1975
FF8587	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Finegold, Leonard X. -- 1992
FF8588	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Finin, Tim -- 1982
FF8589	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fink, Eugene -- 1992 - 1999
FF8590	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Finkelstein, Lawrence S. - 1960
FF8591	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Firestone, Joseph M. - 1970
FF8592	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- First Wisconsin Bank - 1948
FF8593	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Firth, Ian -- 1973 -1975
FF8594	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Firth Sterling Inc. - 1953
FF8595	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fischer, Elsa -- 1961
FF8596	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fischer, Gerhard -- 1978 -1999
FF8597	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fischer, K.W. -- 1953
FF8598	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fischoff, Banch -- 2000
FF8599	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fishbein, Harold D. -- 1971 - 1986
FF8600	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fishburn, Peter -- 1990
FF8601	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fisher, Carolanne -- 1985 - 1994
FF8602	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fisher, Francis -- 1984
 
Box 98 - Continued
FF8603	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fisher, Franklin M. -- 1959 - 1980
FF8604	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fisher, Stanley -- 1974
FF8605	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fisher, Walter D. -- 1954 - 1960
FF8606	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fishwick, Paul -- 1997 - 1999 **Restricted File**
FF8607	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fiske, Donald W. -- 1989
FF8608	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fitch, Frederic B. -- 1956
FF8609	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Fitch, Val -- 1980 -- 1981
FF8610	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fite, Harry H. -- 1959 - 1965
FF8611	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fitzroy, P.T. -- 1961
FF8612	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fizaine, F. -- 1968
FF8613	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fjell, Andres Martin -- 1997
FF8614	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Flamholtz, Eric -- 1973
FF8615	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Flat Tax -- 1996 - 2000
FF8616	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Flavell, John H. -- 1978
FF8617	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fleischmann, Herbert J. -- 1954
FF8618	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fleishman, Edwin A. -- 1960 - 1961
FF8619	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Flenner, R.A. -- 1957
FF8620	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fletcher, James C. -- 1968 - 1978
FF8621	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Flood, Merrill M. -- 1945 -1985
FF8622	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Flora, Paul -- 2000
FF8623	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Florida, University of -1957
FF8624	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Floris, Ruhal --1981
FF8625	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Floyd, Robert W. -- 1979
FF8626	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Floyd, Spencer -- 1960
FF8627	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Foerster, Dennis C. -- 1981
FF8628	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Foerster, Heinz von -- 1967
FF8629	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fogel, Lawrence J. -- 1961
FF8630	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fogel, Robert -- 1998
FF8631	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fokkema, Sipke D. -- 1974 -1978
FF8632	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Foley, James F. -- 1950
FF8633	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Folger, Robert -- 1992
FF8634	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Folley, Jack Jr. -- 1961
FF8635	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Forbes, Joseph -- 1991
FF8636	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Forbes Travel Service -- 1969
FF8637	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Forbus, Kenneth -- 1990 -1999

Box 99
Correspondence

FF8638	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ford Foundation, The -- 1951 -1959
FF8639	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ford Foundation, The -- 1958 -1973
FF8640	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ford Foundation on China, The -- 1979 - 1989
FF8641	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ford, Jean -- 1985
FF8642	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Foregger, Richard -- 1952 - 1957
 
Box 99 - Continued
FF8643	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Forehand, Garlie -- 1962
FF8644	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Foreign Press Center -- 1994
FF8645	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Forester, John -- 1984
FF8646	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Forschungsgruppe CUU -- 1979
FF8647	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Forstner, James -- 1997
FF8648	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Forsythe, G.E. -- 1955
FF8649	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Forte, Allen -- 1967
FF8650	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fortet, Robert -- 1968
FF8651	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fortune -- 1961
FF8652	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Foss, Donald J. -- 1979
FF8653	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Foster, C.D. -- 1960
FF8654	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Foundation for Brain Research -- 1985
FF8655	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Foundation for International Cooperation -- 1993
FF8656	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fowler, David H. -- 1964 - 1966
FF8657	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fowler, Donald L. -- 1962
FF8658	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fox, BertRAND -- 1955
FF8659	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fox, Karl A.-- 1953 -  1994
FF8660	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fox, Mark -- 1977 -1988 **Restricted File**
FF8661	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fox, Sanford -- 1967
FF8662	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Foy, Fred C. -- 1973
FF8663	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fraisse, P. -- 1975
FF8664	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Franchi, Stefano -- 1999
FF8665	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frank, Matthew -- 1989 - 1997 **Restricted File**
FF8666	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frank, Robert H. -- 1988 -1992
FF8667	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frank, Roderick -- 1975
FF8668	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Franzini, Michael -- 1987 - 1988
FF8669	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frasier, Josh -- 2000
FF8670	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Frazier, A.W. -- 1966
FF8671	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- France, Robert R. -- 1955
FF8672	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frances, Albert -- 1961 -1962
FF8673	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Francis, Wayne L. -- N.D.
FF8674	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frank, Andrew Gunder -- 1956
FF8675	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frank, Phillip -- 1961
FF8676	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frank, Rachel Eden -- 1989
FF8677	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Franks, Howard L. -- 1965
FF8678	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fraternal Order of Police -- 1961
FF8679	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frederking, Robert -- 1984 -1986
FF8680	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Freeman, Frank S. -- 1985 -1986
FF8681	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Freeman, J. Leifer -- 1956
FF8682	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Freeman, Peter -- 1971 - 1979
FF8683	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Freeman, Sharon -- 1974 - 1979
FF8684	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Free Press, The -- 1966 - 1994
FF8685	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Freibergs, Varia -- 1971
 
Box 99 - Continued
FF8686	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Freitas, Henrique -- 1997
FF8687	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fremery, Robert F. -- 1954
FF8688	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- French, Robert L. -- 1954 -1955
FF8689	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frenckner, T. Paulsson -- 1957
FF8690	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frenois, Jean-Pierre -- 1985 **Restricted File**
FF8691	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frese, Erich -- 1992
FF8692	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Freudenthal, H. -- 1959
FF8693	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Friedberg, Erhard -- 1998
FF8694	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Friedberg, Richard -- 1958
FF8695	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Friedewald, Michael -- 1997
FF8696	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Friedman, Benjamin M. -- 1978
FF8697	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Friedman, Daniel -- 1961
FF8698	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Friedman, Michael -- 1995
FF8699	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Friedman, Milton -- 1977 - 1978
FF8700	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Friedman, S. -- 1954
FF8701	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Friedman, Santiago -- 1962
FF8702	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Friend, Kenneth -- 1972 - 1980
FF8703	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fries, Eduard -- 1948 - 1949
FF8704	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frijda, Nico H. -- 1963 - 2000
FF8705	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fromer, Robert -- 1960
FF8706	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Frost, Norman -- 1953
FF8707	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fruchter, Ben -- 1959 - 1960
FF8708	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fu, Ting - Sheng -- 1984
FF8709	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fu, Xiaolan -- 1994 - 1996
FF8710	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fuhrman, Gy -- 1990
FF8711	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fujine, Isao -- 1979
FF8712	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fukuda, Prof. -- 1996
FF8713	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fulton, Gabriel -- 1981
FF8714	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fund for Adult Education --1959
FF8715	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fund for Peace -- 1973
FF8716	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Funk & Wagnalls Company -- 1954
FF8717	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Funt, Brian V. -- 1989
FF8718	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Furno, Daryl J. -- 1984
FF8719	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fusillo, Robert H. -- 1988
FF8720	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Futamura, Toshiko -- 1987
FF8721	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Futia, Carl A. -- 1979
FF8722	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Futrell, J.H. -- 1970
FF8723	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- The Future of Southwest Pennsylvania: An Inquiry of Leadership -- 1986
FF8724	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Fyan, Peter -- 1992
FF8725	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gabor, Andrea -- 1999
FF8726	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gage, D.M. -- 1954
FF8727	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gagné, Ellen D. -- 1982 - 1983
FF8728	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gagne, Robert M. -- 1968
 
Box 99 - Continued
FF8729	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gailliot, Henry J.-- 1996
FF8730	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Galassi, Terzo -- 1978 -1980
FF8731	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Galbraith, J.K. -- 1959 - 2001
FF8732	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gallhofer, Irmtraud Nora -- 1995
FF8733	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gamow, George -- 1956
FF8734	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ganelius, Tord -- 1984
FF8735	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ganong, William F., III -- 1978
FF8736	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Garber, Robert B. -- 1955
FF8737	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Garceau, Oliver -- 1950
FF8738	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gardner, Elmer A. -- 1968
FF8739	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Gardner, Howard -- 1981
FF8740	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gardner, John W. -- 1969
FF8741	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gardner, Martin -- 1981
FF8742	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gardner, Meryl P. -- 1981 - 1982
FF8743	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Garfield, Chad -- 1984
FF8744	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Garfield, Eugene-- 1973
FF8745	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Garfinkel, Harold -- 1953 -1954
FF8746	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Garland Publishing, Inc.-- 1988 - 2000
FF8747	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Garman, Mark B.-- 1968 -1978
FF8748	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Garnet, Brad -- 1993
FF8749	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Garofalo, David P. -- 1969
FF8750	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Garris, Ken -- 1986
FF8751	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gasparski, Wokciech -- 1974 - 1990
FF8752	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Garwin, Richard L. -- 1971
FF8753	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Garzena, Biagio and Manfredo Montagnana -- 1988
FF8754	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gaschnig, John -- 1976 - 1983
FF8755	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gata, Joao -- 1991
FF8756	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gates, Harry D. -- 1951
FF8757	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gaus, John. M. -- 1953
FF8758	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gazzaniga, Michael S. -- 1979 -1988
FF8759	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Geary, Paul A. -- 1955
FF8760	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gehlmann, Frederick -- 1953
FF8761	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gell - Mann, Murray -- 1969
FF8762	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Geller, Matthew -- 1982
FF8763	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gelsey, Andrew -- 1995
FF8764	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- General Atomic -- 1950
FF8765	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- General Electric Company -- 1956 - 1968
FF8766	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- General Electric Company, Behavioral Research Service -- 1961 -1968
FF8767	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- General Motors Corporation -- 1950
FF8768	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- George, Elizabeth Ann -- 1994
FF8769	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- George Fry & Associates -- 1951
FF8770	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- George Washington University, The -- 1951-1965
 
Box 99 - Continued
FF8771	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Georgescu-Roegen, Nicholas -- 1950
FF8772	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Georgetown University Hospital -- 1960
FF8773	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Georgia Institute of Technology -- 1964
FF8774	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Georgia, The University of -- 1961
FF8775	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gepfert, Alan H. -- 1955 -1956
FF8776	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gerard, Ralph W. -- 1956 - 1971
FF8777	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gerardi, Craig -- 2000
FF8778	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gerber, Richard -- 1964
FF8779	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gere, William S. -- 1960 - 1978
FF8780	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Germain, Michel -- 1983
FF8781	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gero, John -- 1989
FF8782	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gerring, Irving -- 1954
FF8783	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gerritsen, Rob -- 1973 - 1977
FF8784	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gerwin, Donald -- 1966 - 1981
FF8785	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gerwin, Sophie -- 1958
FF8786	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Geschwind, Norman -- 1979
FF8787	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Getoor, Lise -- 1994
FF8788	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Getz, Malcolm -- 1974
FF8789	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ghalambor, Cyrus --1981
FF8790	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ghitis, Beno -- 1983
FF8791	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ghosh, Anko -- 2000

Box 100
Correspondence

FF8792	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Giampapa, Josepqh -- 1998
FF8793	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gibbon, Samuel Y. -- 1974
FF8794	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gibbs, Frederick H. -- 1958
FF8795	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gibson, Eleanor J. -- 1963 - 1972
FF8796	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gick, Mary -- 1977- 1978
FF8797	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gidman, David N. -- 1963
FF8798	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Giere, Ronald N. -- 1974-1990
FF8799	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gigerenzer, Gerd -- 1999
FF8800	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gil, Guillermo A. -- 1986
FF8801	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gil, Yolanda -- 1991 -- 1993 **Restricted File”
FF8802	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gilhooly, Kenneth J. -- 1984 - 1986
FF8803	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gilinsky, Alberta S. -- 1991
FF8804	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gill, Jack -- 1996
FF8805	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gill, Norman N. -- 1938
FF8806	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gillespie, Cecil -- 1955
FF8807	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gillogly, James J. -- 1973 -1978
FF8808	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gillooly, William B. -- 1972
FF8809	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gilmartin, Kevin -- 1971 - 1976
FF8810	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gilmer, Beverly von Haller -- 1979 - 1993
FF8811	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gilmore, Frank F. -- 1959
 
Box 100 - Continued
FF8812	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gilmore, Thomas C. -- 1975 - 1976
FF8813	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gilruth, William A. -- 1943
FF8814	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ginkel, Alfred O. -- 1951
FF8815	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ginsburg, Benson E. -- 1993
FF8816	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ginzberg, Eli -- 1979 -1980
FF8817	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Giodano, Carlos -- 1997
FF8818	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Giordanelli, Eduardo -- 1998
FF8819	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Giraud, Christian -- 1985
FF8820	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Givon, Tom -- 1996 - 1997
FF8821	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gladeck, F.R. -- 1977
FF8822	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gladwin, Lee -- 1978 -1990
FF8823	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Glanzer, Murray -- 1955
FF8824	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glaser, Ezra -- 1958 -1960
FF8825	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glaser, Kurt -- 1950 -1951
FF8826	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glaser, Robert -- 1961 -1997
FF8827	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glasgow, University of -- 1985
FF8828	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glasser, Edward L. -- 1961
FF8829	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- GLCH Productions -- 1979
FF8830	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gleason, Andrew -- 1984
FF8831	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gleeson, Robert Edward -- 1995
FF8832	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glennan, T. Keith -- 1967
FF8833	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glidewell, John C. -- 1983
FF8834	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glinski, Bohdan -- 1990
FF8835	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glover, Fred W. -- 1962 - 1998
FF8836	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glover, John Desmond -- 1951 -1955
FF8837	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gloview Co., Ltd. -- 1979
FF8838	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glymour, Clark -- 1984 - 1996 **Restricted File**
FF8839	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glynn Research Foundation -- 1987 -1990
FF8840	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Glynn Research Foundation -- 1991 - 1999
FF8841	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gnaedinger, Paul E. -- 1955
FF8842	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goates, Dean G. -- 1961
FF8843	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gobet, Fernand -- 1992-1997
FF8844	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gobet, Fernand --1998 - 2000
FF8845	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gochman, Ilene -- 1972
FF8846	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Godwin, Gurney L. -- 1958-1993
FF8847	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goel, Ashok -- 1995 - 2000
FF8848	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goel, Vinod -- 1988 -1990
FF8849	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goffman, William -- 1967
FF8850	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldberg, Arthur J. -- 1986-1987
FF8851	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldberg, Joseph -- 1994
FF8852	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldberg, Neal -- 1994
FF8853	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldberg, Walter -- 1969-1987
FF8854	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldberger, Arthur -- 1985
FF8855	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldberger, Marvin L. -- 1969-1978
 
Box 100 - Continued
FF8856	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldblatt, Anne -- 1983
FF8857	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldman-Rakic, Patricia S. -- 1993
FF8858	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldman, Ralph -- 1953 -1959
FF8859	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldner, William -- 1952 -1961
FF8860	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldsen, Joseph -- 1951 -1952
FF8861	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldsmith, F.W. -- 1949
FF8862	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldsmith, Jeffrey -- 1994
FF8863	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldstein, Avram -- 1986
FF8864	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldstein, Dan -- 1994 -1996
FF8865	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldstein, Ira -- 1977
FF8866	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldstein, Jade -- 1994
FF8867	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldstein, Joel -- 1994
FF8868	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goldstein, Michael J. -- 1960
FF8869	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Golembiewski, Robert -- 1966 - 1998
FF8870	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Golodny, Robert G. -- 1965
FF8871	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Golsby, Tony -- 1997
FF8872	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Golu, Ion M. -- 1973 - 1974
FF8873	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gombrich, E.H. -- 1968 - 1969
FF8874	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gómez, Juan R. - 1979
FF8875	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gomez - Pallete, Felipe - 1986
FF8876	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gomory, Ralph E. -- 1981
FF8877	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gonzalez, Martin Antonio -- 1986 
FF8878	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gonzalez, Nancie -- 1981
FF8879	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gonzalez, Wenceslao J. -- 1999
FF8880	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Good, I. J. (Jack) -- 1966 - 1974
FF8881	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Good, Perry -- 1986
FF8882	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Good, Ron -- 1982
FF8883	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goode, William J. -- 1984
FF8884	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goodgion, Gilbert -- 1971
FF8885	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goodhue, Lowell -- 1950
FF8886	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goodman, Kenneth -- 1990
FF8887	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goodman, L. London -- 1954
FF8888	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goodman, Leo A. -- 1953 - 1974
FF8889	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goodman, Nancy -- N.D.
FF8890	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goodman, Nelson -- 1955
FF8891	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goodman, Paul S. -- 1966
FF8892	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goodman, Richard -- 1962
FF8893	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goodman, Richard A. -- 1968
FF8894	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goodwin, Neva -- 1990
FF8895	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Goodwin, Richard M. -- 1950
FF8896	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Göransson, Anders -- 1967
FF8897	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gordon, Barry -- 1964
FF8898	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gordon, Lynda Van Horn -- 1999
FF8899	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gordon, Myron J. -- 1986
FF8900	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gordon, Paul J. -- 1967
 
Box 100 - Continued
FF8901	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gordon, R.A. -- 1957
FF8902	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gordon, Sanford D. -- 1999
FF8903	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gore, William J. -- 1957 - 1960
FF8904	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gorman, Michael e. -- 1990 - 2001
FF8905	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gorman, Paul -- 1998
FF8906	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gorn, Saul -- 1958
FF8907	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gosling, W. -- 1962
FF8908	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gosnell, Harold -- 1980 - 1986
FF8909	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gothe, J.F. -- 1962
FF8910	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gottinger, Hans W. -- 1980
FF8911	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gould, John -- N.D.
FF8912	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gourmain, Pierre -- 1978
FF8913	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gouveia, Leann -- 1998
FF8914	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gow, J. Steele -- 1953 - 1954
FF8915	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grace, C.H. -- 1956
FF8916	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grace, Harry A. -- 1951
FF8917	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Graham, Milton D. -- 1957
FF8918	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Graham, Richard A. -- 1976
FF8919	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Graham, Ron -- 1999
FF8920	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Graham, S.A. -- 1962
FF8921	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Graham, Saxon -- 1956 - 1965
FF8922	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- GRANDori, Anna -- 1985
FF8923	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Granick, David -- 1959
FF8924	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grant, David -- 1975
FF8925	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grason, John -- 1967 - 1978
FF8926	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grasshoff, Gerd -- 1989
FF8927	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Graves, Alden W. -- 1950
FF8928	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Graves, Frances A. -- 1985
FF8929	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Graves, Joseph S. -- 1982
FF8930	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Graves, W. Brooke -- 1943
FF8931	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gray, J.W. Jr. -- 1949
FF8932	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Great American Industries, Inc. -- 1957
FF8933	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Greebe, C. -- 1974 - 1975
FF8934	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Green, Bert F., Jr. -- 1959 - 1973
FF8935	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Green, David -- 1989
FF8936	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Green, Edward J. -- 1957
FF8937	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Greenberger, Martin -- 1963 - 1986
FF8938	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Greene, Hoke S. -- 1957
FF8939	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Greene, Maxine -- N.D.
FF8940	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Greeno, James -- 1972 - 1999
FF8941	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Greeno, Noreen -- 1994
FF8942	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Greer, Brian -- 1984
FF8943	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gregg, Barry -- 1989
FF8944	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gregg, John R. -- 1952
FF8945	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gregg, Lee W. -- 1961-1980
 
Box 100 - Continued
FF8946	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gregg, Sr. Madeleine -- 1996
FF8947	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gregorian, Vartan -- 1993
FF8948	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gregory, Richard L. -- 1969

Box 101
Correspondence

FF8949	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grenell, Robert G. -- 1970
FF8950	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grether, E.T. -- 1954 - 1960
FF8951	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Griessman, B. Eugene -- 1986 - 1987
FF8952	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Griffith, Frank -- N.D.
FF8953	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Griffiths, Robert R. -- 1987
FF8954	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Griggs, Moreland, Blair  & Douglas -- 1949 - 	1960
FF8955	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grip, Carl M. -- 1969
FF8956	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grochla, Erwin -- 1969 - 1980
FF8957	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grodzins, Morton -- 1948 - 1958
FF8958	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Groen, Guy -- 1972 - 1978
FF8959	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Groff, Warren H. -- 1969
FF8960	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gross, Bertram M. -- 1958 - 1964
FF8961	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gross, Larry -- 1963 - 1967
FF8962	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gross, Llewellyn -- 1956
FF8963	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grossberg, Stephen -- 1979
FF8964	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grossman, Jerry -- 2000
FF8965	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grove, Karen H. -- N.D.
FF8966	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gruber, Howard E. -- 1958 - 1964
FF8967	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grudstein -- 1964
FF8968	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grünbaum, Adolf -- 1953 - 1983
FF8969	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grunberg, Emile -- 1959 - 1976
FF8970	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grunberger, Fred -- 1958
FF8971	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Grundstein, Nathan D. -- 1968 - 1982
FF8972	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gruppo Editoriale Jackson -- 1986
FF8973	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- GSIA / Planned Visitors -- 1958 - 1974
FF8974	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gudnason, C.H. -- 1968
FF8975	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Guenette, Alain -- N.D.
FF8976	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Guenon, Jacquard W. -- 1973
FF8977	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Guetzkow, Daniel -- 1989 - 1991
FF8978	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Guetzkow, Harold -- 1940 - 1995
FF8979	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Guilford, J.P. -- 1974
FF8980	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Guillen, Mauro F. -- 1998
FF8981	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Guillerme, Jacques -- 1985 - 1986
FF8982	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gulf States Paper Corporation -- 1959
FF8983	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gulick, Luther -- 1977 - 1985
FF8984	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gullahorn, Jeanne E. -- 1964 -1972
FF8985	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gullahorn, John T. -- 1953 - 1978
FF8986	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gunderson, Elizabeth -- 1994
 
Box 101 - Continued
FF8987	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gunderson, Keith -- 1963
FF8988	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gunnell, John G. -- 1984
FF8989	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gupta, Amitabha -- 1990
FF8990	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gupta, R.L. -- 1960
FF8991	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gurtner, Jean - Luc -- 1986
FF8992	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gustafson, Philip -- 1958
FF8993	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gustafsson, John-Anders, 1991
FF8994	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Guth, Michael A.S. -- 1983
FF8995	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Guth, William D. -- 1964 - 1968
FF8996	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gutman, Herbert -- 1965
FF8997	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Güvenir, H. Altay -- 1994 - 2000 **Restricted File**
FF8998	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Guy, Albert -- 1988
FF8999	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Guy, Candace -- 1999
FF9000	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Guzeldere, Guven -- 1995
FF9001	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Gyr, John -- 1960 - 1961
FF9002	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haber, Sigrid -- 1984
FF9003	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haberman, George J. -- 1965
FF9004	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haberman, J.J. -- 1956
FF9005	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haberstroh, Chadwick J. -- 1954 - 1963
FF9006	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hablutzel, C.E. -- 1952
FF9007	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haerlet, Ray -- 1978
FF9008	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haggerty, P.E. -- 1969
FF9009	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hahm, Sugn Deuk -- 1991 - 1999 **Restricted File**
FF9010	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haines, George -- 1961 - 1968
FF9011	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haire, Mason -- 1968
FF9012	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hajduk, Stacie L. -- 1997
FF9013	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Halberg, Franz -- 1970
FF9014	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Halbrecht, Herbert -- 1967 - 1983
FF9015	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hale, John F. -- 1962
FF9016	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haley, Bernard F. -- 1951
FF9017	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Halff, Harry -- 1984
FF9018	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Halford, Graeme -- 1990
FF9019	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hall, Donald E. -- 1964 - 1968
FF9020	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hall, Graeme -- 1974 - 1978
FF9021	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hall, James -- 1979
FF9022	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hall, Michael -- 1986
FF9023	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hall, Sylvain -- 1998
FF9024	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hallworth, Gerald L. -- 1967
FF9025	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hallworth, Herbert J. -- 1963
FF9026	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Halper, Donald -- 1976
FF9027	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Halperin, Elaine -- 1964
FF9028	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Halperin, Israel -- 1998
FF9029	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Halpern, Jack -- 1990
 
Box 101 - Continued
FF9030	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Halpern, Richard -- 1988
FF9031	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Halpin, Andrew W. -- 1958
FF9032	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Halpin, Jeanne A. -- 1979
FF9033	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Halverson, John W. -- 1970
FF9034	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hamblin, Robert L. -- 1956 - 1962
FF9035	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hamel, G. -- 1953 -- 1954
FF9036	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hammersley, J.M. -- 1963
FF9037	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hamilton, Carol -- 1994
FF9038	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Handbook of Political Science -- 1967 - 1970
FF9039	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Handelman, G.H. -- 1955 - 1956
FF9040	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Handler, Philip -- 1968 - 1981
FF9041	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hanly, V. -- 1961
FF9042	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hannan, Michael -- 1990- 1991
FF9043	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hansen, D.J. -- 1998
FF9044	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hansen, Erik -- 1959
FF9045	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hansen, Morris -- 1976
FF9046	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hansen, Russell H. -- 1951
FF9047	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hanson, Norwood Russell -- 1961
FF9048	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hanssmann, F. -- 1970 - 1973 
FF9049	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harary, Frank -- 1954
FF9050	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harberger, Arnold -- 1956
FF9051	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harcourt, G.C. -- 1979
FF9052	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harcort, Brace and Company, Inc. -- 1951 -1995
FF9053	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hardin, Charles M. -- 1948
FF9054	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hardy, G.N. -- 1945
FF9055	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hare, Paul -- 1954 - 1955
FF9056	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harkin, Tom -- 1988
FF9057	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harkness, Charles A. -- 1953
FF9058	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harlow, Bruce -- 1957
FF9059	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harnad, Stevan -- 1991- 1999
FF9060	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harold Cohen Symposium -- 1984
FF9061	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harper & Brothers -- 1960 - 1961
FF9062	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harper, Samuel W. -- 1940
FF9063	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harper’s Weekly --1975
FF9064	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harpur College -- 1961
FF9065	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harraher, Caroline -- 1993
FF9066	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harrin, Mitch -- 1986
FF9067	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harris, Arthur V. -- 1959 -1975
FF9068	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harris, Britton -- 1967
FF9069	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harris, Charles S. -- 1942
FF9070	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harris, Gregory -- 1986
FF9071	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harris, Joseph P. -- 1937 - 1942
FF9072	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harris, Mark -- 1986
FF9073	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harris, Milton -- 1979
 
Box 101 - Continued
FF9074	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harris, Seymour E. -- 1958
FF9075	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harris, Sydney -- 1966
FF9076	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harsanyi, John C. -- 1956 -1994
FF9077	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hart, P.E. -- 1958 -1962
FF9078	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hart, Sarah -- 1998
FF9079	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hart, Timothy P. -- 1962
FF9080	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hartman, Gerhard -- 1947
FF9081	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hartz, George -- 1961
FF9082	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hartz, O. -- 1969
FF9083	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hartzfeld, Frank T., Jr. -- 1953
FF9084	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harvard Business Review -- 1954
FF9085	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harvard University -- 1946 - 1961
FF9086	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harvey, Robert W. -- 1961 - 1965
FF9087	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Harvey, Valerie J. -- 1999
FF9088	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haskins, Caryl P. -- 1962
FF9089	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hassan, Abelt -- 1991
FF9090	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hassan, Fekri A. -- 1985
FF9091	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hasty, Kim -- 1994
FF9092	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hatanaka, Michio -- 1956
FF9093	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hatchett, Stephen P. -- N.D.
FF9094	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hatfield, Senator Mark --1995
FF9095	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haupt, Frederick III -- 1951
FF9096	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hauptschein, Arthur -- 1957
FF9097	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hauser, Larry -- 1999
FF9098	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hauser, Phillip M. -- 1976
FF9099	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hausman, Daniel -- 1982 -1988
FF9100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Havel, Jim -- 1991 - 2000
FF9101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haverty, Lisa -- 1994 - 1999
FF9102	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hawes, John T. -- 1954
FF9103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hawk, William E. -- 1959
FF9104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hawkins, David -- 1948 - 1991
FF9105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hawkins, T.E. -- 1963
FF9106	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hawlery, Claude E. -- 1971
FF9107	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hay, William H. -- 1954
FF9108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haydon, Brownlee -- 1954
FF9109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hayes, Ann -- 1977 -- 1993
FF9110	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hayes, Caroline C. -- 1988 - 1999 **Restricted File**
FF9111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hayes, John R. -- 1974 - 2000
FF9112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hayes, Neil -- 1986
FF9113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hayes, Patrick -- 1996
FF9114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hayes, Robert L. -- 1963
FF9115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hayes, Samuel P. Jr. -- 1955 - 1959
FF9116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hayes-Roth, Barbara -- 1986
FF9117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hayes-Roth, Rick -- 1997
 
Box 101 - Continued
FF9118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Haythorn, William W. -- 1962
FF9119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hazard, Leland -- 1951 - 1979
FF9120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hazard, Paul A. Jr. -- 1943 - 1952
FF9121	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Heady, Ferrel -- 1953
FF9122	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Headley, Joseph C -- 1962
FF9123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Heald, Henry T. -- 1947 - 1951
FF9124	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Healey, James H. -- 1963
FF9125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Heard, Alexander -- 1954
FF9126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hearst, Eliot -- 1978
FF9127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hearst, Marti and Haym Hirsh - 1999
FF9128	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hebb, Donald O. -- 1979
FF9129	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hedberg, Bo -- 1971
FF9130	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hedrick, Charles -- 1971 -1977
FF9131	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Heeder, Carl J. -- 1968
FF9132	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Heinen, E. -- 1967
FF9133	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Heintzelman, John W. -- 1982
FF9134	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hekhuis, Dale J. -- 1960
FF9135	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Heller, Thomas -- 1986 - 1987
FF9136	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Helm, Carl E. -- 1962 - 1973
FF9137	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Helmer, Olaf -- 1966
FF9138	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Helming, James -- 1949
FF9139	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hempel, Carl -- 1956 - 1974
FF9140	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hempel, Edward -- 1950
FF9141	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Henderson, Algo D. -- 1960 - 1967
FF9142	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Henderson, Bruce -- 1955
FF9143	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hendrickson, J.B. -- 1974
FF9144	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Henig, Harry -- 1950
FF9145	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Henk Vos, Dr. Nat. Phil. -- 1993
FF9146	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Henkel, Joel -- 1965
FF9147	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hennig, Marjorie -- 1948
FF9148	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Henrici, Stanley -- 1955
FF9149	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Henrion, FHK -- 1985

Box 102
    Correspondence

FF9150	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Henry, Andy -- 1953
FF9151	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Henry Holt & Company -- 1962
FF9152	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Henry W. Mark Company -- 1949
FF9153	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Henry, Susan -- 2000
FF9154	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Henschel, Carol J. -- 1995
FF9155	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hensley, Carlton B. -- 1957 - 1959
FF9156	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hepburn, G.G. -- 1955
FF9157	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hepp, Christopher -- 1986
FF9158	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Herbert, Evan -- 1957
FF9159	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Heritage Travel, Incorporated -- 1972
 
Box 102 - Continued
FF9160	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Herring, Lee -- 1993
FF9161	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Herring, Pendleton -- 1949 -1989
FF9162	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hershey, Robert -- 1979
FF9163	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hersh, Harry M. -- 1973
FF9164	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hertz, David B. -- 1950 - 1984
FF9165	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Heusmann, Louis Rowell -- 1966 - 1979
FF9166	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Heuston, M.C. -- 1954
FF9167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hewlett, William R. -- 1972 - 1977
FF9168	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hewlett Packard Company -- 1972
FF9169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Heyduk, Ronald G. -- 1994
FF9170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Heyne, Christian E. -- 1982
FF9171	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hibino, Shozo -- 1979- 1991
FF9172	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hicks, Herbert G. -- 1978 - 1979
FF9173	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hicks, John R. (Sir) -- 1961 - 1979
FF9174	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hicks, Robert A. -- 1982
FF9175	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hicks, Ursula -- 1951 - 1952
FF9176	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hield, W. Wayne -- 1952
FF9177	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Higgins, Thomas J. -- 1968 - 1990
FF9178	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hildreth, Clifford -- 1952 -1983
FF9179	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hilgard, Ernest -- 1957
FF9180	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hill, Arthur H. -- 1962
FF9181	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hill, James W. -- 1972
FF9182	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hill, Karl A. -- 1953 -1960
FF9183	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hill, Lister -- 1964
FF9184	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hill, Walter W. -- 1975
FF9185	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hill, Winfred F. -- 1960
FF9186	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hiller, Lejaren -- 1959 -1972
FF9187	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hills, Charles W. -- 1944
FF9188	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hilton, Thomas L. -- 1956 -1983
FF9189	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hilton Credit Corporation -- 1965
FF9190	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hiltz, Starr Roxanne -- 1986
FF9191	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hinich, Melvin J. -- 1972 - 1986
FF9192	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hinsley, Dan -- 1994
FF9193	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hintikka, Jaakko -- 1968 - 1985
FF9194	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hinton, Geoffrey -- 1984 - 1986
FF9195	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hirsch, E.D. Sr. -- 1988 - 2000
FF9196	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hirsh, Ira J. -- 1980
FF9197	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hirschfelder, Joseph -- 1987
FF9198	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hirschleifer, Jack -- 1954 -1979
FF9199	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hirschman, Albert O. -- 1957 - 1958
FF9200	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hirst, William -- 1971 -1973
FF9201	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hirt, Edward R. -- 1989
FF9202	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Historical Society of Western Pennsylvania --1991 - 1992
FF9203	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- History and Theory -- 1960
 
Box 102 - Continued
FF9204	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hitch, Charles -- 1951
FF9205	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hitchcock, Arthur A. -- 1960
FF9206	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hjalmarsson, Lennart -- 1979
FF9207	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hoagland, John H. -- 1958
FF9208	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hobbs, Jerry R. -- 1993
FF9209	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hobbs, Walter C. -- 1960
FF9210	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hoc, Jean - Michel -- 1980 - 1985
FF9211	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hochberg, Julian -- 1964
FF9212	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hodgman, Donald R. -- 1960
FF9213	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hodgson, Geoff -- 1996
FF9214	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hoehing, W.F. -- 1954
FF9215	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hoffman, Alan J. -- 1955
FF9216	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hoffman, Allen R. -- 1990
FF9217	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hoffman, Donn -- 1987 - 1995
FF9218	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hoffman, Friedrich -- 1980
FF9219	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hoffman, Kenneth -- 1972 -1974
FF9220	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hoffman, Robert -- 1991
FF9221	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hofman, Michael -- 1978 - 1979
FF9222	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hofstadter, Douglas R. -- 1976 - 1988
FF9223	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hoggatt, Austin -- 1955 - 1961
FF9224	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hokkaido University -- 1956 - 1971
FF9225	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holden, Matthew (Jr.) -- 1971
FF9226	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holden-Day, Inc. -- 1960
FF9227	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holiday, W.J. Jr. -- 1957
FF9228	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holland, John -- 1995 - 1998
FF9229	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hollander, Ed -- 1953 - 1962
FF9230	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holley, Frank E. -- 1953
FF9231	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holling, Buzz -- 1981
FF9232	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hollis, William J. -- 1958
FF9233	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holmberg, Leif -- 1978
FF9234	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holmes, Frederic L. -- 1985 - 1993
FF9235	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holst, Dorthe -- 1978 - 1979
FF9236	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holt, Anatol -- 1972
FF9237	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holt, Charles C. -- 1955 - 1982
FF9238	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holt, Rinehart, and Winston, Inc. -- 1973
FF9239	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holtier, Senio -- 1981
FF9240	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holton, Professor -- N.D.
FF9241	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holton, Valerie -- 1975
FF9242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holtz, David -- 1974 - 1978
FF9243	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holway, Richard -- 1985
FF9244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holyoak, Keith -- 1992 - 1997
FF9245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holzman, David L. -- 1985 
FF9246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Holzman, Tom -- 1975 - 1989
FF9247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Homan, Paul T. -- 1951
FF9248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Homans, George C. -- 1951 - 1957
 
Box 102 - Continued
FF9249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Homewood-Flossmoor High School Economics Club -- 1997
FF9250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hon, Giora -- 1996
FF9251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Honavar, Vasant -- 1995
FF9252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Honea, Sion M.-- 1997
FF9253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Honten, Harikyu -- 1972
FF9254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hood, William C. -- 1952
FF9255	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hooker, John -- 1999
FF9256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hoover, Robert C. -- 1958
FF9257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Horgan, John -- 1998
FF9258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Horn, Ann -- N.D.
FF9259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Horn, Professor --1998
FF9260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hornig, Donald F. -- 1989
FF9261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Horowitz, Jacob -- 1954 - 1955
FF9262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Horton, Michael J. -- 1996
FF9263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Horvath, Dominik -- 1965
FF9264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Horvath, William J. -- 1963
FF9265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hoselitz, Bert -- 1953
FF9266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hough, Julia S. -- 1983
FF9267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Houghton Mifflin Company -- 1997
FF9268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Householder, A.S. -- 1955
FF9269	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- House of Representatives -- 1970-1990
FF9270	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Houthakker, Hendrik S. -- 1956 - 1974
FF9271	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Houts, Peter -- 1957 -1972
FF9272	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hovland, Carl I. -- 1956 -1960
FF9273	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Howard, George -- 1979
FF9274	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Howard James H. -- 1972 -1973
FF9275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Howard, John A. -- 1953 - 1984
FF9276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Howard, Peggy -- 1960
FF9277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Howard, Sue C. -- 1994
FF9278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Howells, G.W. -- 1961
FF9279	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Howink, Eda -- 1981
FF9280	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hsia, Pearl L. -- 1949
FF9281	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hsu, Hans -- 1983 -1984
FF9282	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hu, Ji-xuan -- 1986
FF9283	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Huang, Cecil -- 1995
FF9284	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Huang, Jingson -- 1985
FF9285	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hubbell, Charles H. -- 1955
FF9286	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Huber,George P. -- 1981 - 1999
FF9287	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Huberman, B.A. -- 1988 - 1993
FF9288	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hubke, Vladimir -- 1974
FF9289	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hudson, Bradford B. -- 1959
FF9290	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hudson, Howard P. -- 1965
FF9291	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hudson Review, The -- N.D.
FF9292	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Huesman, L. Rowell -- 1972
 
Box 102 - Continued
FF9293	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Huff, William S. -- 1994
FF9294	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Huggins, William H. -- 1951
FF9295	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hughes Aircraft Company -- 1952 - 1959
FF9296	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hughes, Kenneth -- 1988
FF9297	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Huizinga, G. -- 1956
FF9298	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hule, Richard -- 1998
FF9299	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hulthage, Ingemar A.E. -- 1991 - 1994 	**Restricted File**
FF9300	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Human Intelligence International Newsletter --1983
FF9301	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Humphreys, Lloyd G. -- 1969
FF9302	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hungate, Joseph I. Jr. -- 1960
FF9303	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hunt, Earl B. [Buzz] -- 1961 - 1997
FF9304	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hunt, Howard F. -- 1954
FF9305	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hunt, Morton -- 1978 - 1979
FF9306	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hunt, Pearson -- 1949 - 1957
FF9307	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hunt, William -- 1983
FF9308	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hunting, Eugene -- 1964 - 1977
FF9309	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hurd, Cuthbert C. -- 1955 -1984
FF9310	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hurts, C.M.M. -- 1984
FF9311	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hurvich, Leo M. -- 1982
FF9312	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hurwicz, Leonid -- 1974 -1980
FF9313	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Huska, Augustín, M. -- 1968
FF9314	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hutcheson, J.A. -- 1960
FF9315	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hutchinson, Charles E. -- 1960
FF9316	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hwang, Ray -- 1999
FF9317	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hyde, William H. -- 1949
FF9318	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hye, Peter -- 1963
FF9319	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hyman, Herbert -- 1953
FF9320	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hyman, Ray -- 1974
FF9321	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hyneman, Charles -- 1949 - 1955
FF9322	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hynning, Clifford -- 1985
FF9323	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Hypercomputing and Design; Rutgers University -- 1995
FF9324	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- IBM ( International Business Machines Corporation) -- 1957 - 1964
FF9325	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- IBM (International Business Machines Corporation) -- 1965 - 1973
FF9326	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- IBM (International Business Machines Corporation) -- 1982
FF9327	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- IEEE (Institute of Electrical Engineers) -- 1966 -2000
FF9328	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Iba, Glenn -- 1980
FF9329	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Idaho, University of -- 1955 - 1960
FF9330	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ignatieff, Yurie A. -- 1993
 
Box 102 - Continued
FF9331	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ignjatovic, Aleksandar -- 1994 - 1996
FF9332	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ijiri, Haruhisa -- 1972
FF9333	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ijiri, Marusa -- 1972
FF9334	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ijiri, Yuji -- 1963 - 2000

Box 103
Correspondence

FF9335	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ilacqua, Joseph A. -- 1985
FF9336	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ilfield, Robert -- 1967
FF9337	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Illinois Institue of Technology -- 1942 -1982
FF9338	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Illinois Libraries -- 1961
FF9339	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Illinois, University of -- 1960 - 1961
FF9340	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- IMG Publishing -- 1990
FF9341	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Imperial Chemical Industries Ltd. - 1967
FF9342	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- In Concert for Peace -- 1984
FF9343	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Inaba, Matakichi -- 1979 -1995
FF9344	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Inbar, Michael -- 1989
FF9345	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Independent Productions International Limited -- 1987
FF9346	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Independent Voters of Illinois -- 1944
FF9347	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Indian Industries Annual 1963 -- 1963
FF9348	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur -- 1966
FF9349	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Indian Institute of Public Administration -- 1960
FF9350	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Indian Ridge Middle School -- N.D.
FF9351	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Indiana University -- 1959
FF9352	Simon, Herbert A., -- Correspondence -- Indrow, Tarow -- 1967 - 1978
FF9353	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Industrial Quality Control -- 1956
FF9354	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Industrial Relations Research Association -- 1952
FF9355	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- The Information Age -- 1990
FF9356	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Information and Control -- 1968 - 1977
FF9357	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ing, David -- 1982
FF9358	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ingersoll, Hugh D. -- 1950
FF9359	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ingham, Roy J. -- 1973 - 1975
FF9360	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ingram, Jeffrey -- 1959
FF9361	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Inhelder, Barbel -- 1983
FF9362	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Inkeles, Alex -- 1987
FF9363	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Inland Container Corporation -- 1964
FF9364	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Inose, Fumiyuki -- 1970
FF9365	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Inquiry -- 1983
FF9366	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Institut Fur Interdisziplinare Forschung und Fortbildung -- 1993
FF9367	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Institut Fur Weltwirtschaft an der Universitat Kiel 1981
 
Box 103 - Continued
FF9368	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Institute for Advanced Studies -- 1985
FF9369	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Institute of Basic Mathematics for Application to Business -- 1960
FF9370	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Institute of Juvenile Research -- 1965
FF9371	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Institute of International Affairs -- 1958 - 1959
FF9372	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Institute of International Education -- 1960
FF9373	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Institute of Public Administration -- 1958, 1968
FF9374	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Institute of Radio Engineers -- 1957 - 1961
FF9375	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Institute of Social Research, University of Michigan -- 1954 -1955
FF9376	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Institute on Manpower Utilization and Government Personnel -- 1951
FF9377	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Instituto Torcuato Di Tella -- 1965
FF9378	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Intelligence: A Multidisciplnary Journal -- 1977 -1979
FF9379	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Internal Revenue Service  (IRS) -- 1950 - 1980
FF9380	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International Association of Empirical Aesthetics 1967 - 1973
FF9381	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- The International Campaigns for Victims of Torture and Oppression -- N.D.
FF9382	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International Centre For Theoretical Physics -- 1986
FF9383	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- The International City Management Association -- 1971 -1980 
FF9384	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International City Managers’ Association, The -- 1937 -1967 
FF9385	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International Coalition of Scientists for Sakharov 1980 -1983
FF9386	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International Cooperation Administration, The -- 1959
FF9387	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International Encyclopedia of the Social  and Behavioral Sciences -- 1998
FF9388	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences 1962 -1967
FF9389	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) -- 1973 -1992
FF9390	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International Joint Conferences on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI) -- 1996 - 1999.
FF9391	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International League for Human Rights -- 1988
FF9392	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International Media Productions -- S. a r. l -- 1992, 1995
 
Box 103 - Continued
FF9393	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International Minerals and Chemical Corporation --1964 - 1966
FF9394	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International Museum of Peace and Solidarity -- 1999
FF9395	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- International Science and Technology -- 1962
FF9396	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Iowa State College -- 1953
FF9397	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Iowa, State University of -- 1958
FF9398	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Ippolito, Gerald J. -- 1958
FF9399	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ipsevich A -- 1984
FF9400	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ireson, W. Grant -- 1955 - 1961
FF9401	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- IRI -- 1960
FF9402	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Irmay, Ron -- 1985
FF9403	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Irvis, Leroy -- 1978
FF9404	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Irwin, Richard D. Irwin, Inc. -- 1959
FF9405	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Isaack, Thomas S. -- 1957
FF9406	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Isaacs, Harold -- 1953
FF9407	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Isard, Walter -- 1956 - 1959
FF9408	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Isbell, Eleanor C. -- 1979
FF9409	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Isenberg, Daniel J. -- 1982
FF9410	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ishida, Yoshiteru -- 1993 - 1994 ** Restricted File **
FF9411	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ishii, I. -- 1968
FF9412	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ishihara, Tatsuo -- 1988
FF9413	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ishikawa, Masumi -- 1985 - 1986
FF9414	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Israel Bond Committee of Pittsburgh ( Dr. Richard Cyert Tribute Committee ) -- 1982
FF9415	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Itagaki, Nobuya -- 1977
FF9416	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Itek Laboratories -- 1961
FF9417	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ivey, John E. Jr. (Southern Regional Education Board) -- 1953
FF9418	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Iwasaki, Yumi -- 
FF9419	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Iwata, Junzaburo -- 1978 -1979
FF9420	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Iyengar, K.M.P. -- 1964 - 1967
FF9421	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondance -- Iyyunni, Chakradhar -1989
FF9422	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Izay, George A. -- 1961
FF9423	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jackson, James R. -- 1960
FF9424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jacobi, S.N. -- 1974
FF9425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jacobson, Alvin J. -- 1975
FF9426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jacobson, Eugene -- 1948 - 1970
FF9427	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jacobson, Homer -- 1956
FF9428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jacoby, Jacob -- 1975
FF9429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jacoby, Neil H. -- 1952 -1966
FF9430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jacome, Margarida F. -- 1991-1999 -- ** Restricted File **
FF9431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jain, Rakesh K. -- 1990-1991
 
Box 103 - Continued
FF9432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jaiswal, N.K. -- Correspondence -- 1970 -1971
FF9433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jakubik, Andrzej -- 1979 - 1980
FF9434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jaltuch, Michael -- 1993
FF9435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- James, Charles C. -- 1949
FF9436	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- James, John Y. -- 1953 - 1958
FF9437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --James, H. Thomas --- 1984
FF9438	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jammer, Max -- 1966
FF9439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jane, Katherine -- 2000
FF9440	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jankowski, B.A. -- 1984
FF9441	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Janlert, Lars - Erik -- 1985 - 1986
FF9442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Janowitz, Morris -- 1953
FF9443	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jansen, Peter J. -- 1985 - 1999 ** Restricted File **
FF9444	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jantchev, Janko -- 1983
FF9445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Japan Consulate -- 1972
FF9446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Japan Publications Trading Company -- 1970 -1971
FF9447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jarosz, A. Henry -- 1954
FF9448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jarrard, Leonard E. -- 1984
FF9449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jarvie, I.C. -- 1974
FF9450	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jass, Alaine -- 1971
FF9451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jeffries, Bruce C. -- 1975
FF9452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jeffries, Robin -- 1979 - 1983
FF9453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jendry, Robert -- 1962
FF9454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jenkins, James J. -- 1991
FF9455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jenkins, William M. -- 1977
FF9456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jensen, Arthur R. -- 1968
FF9457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jeroslow, Robert G. -- 1984
FF9458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jessor, Richard -- 1957
FF9459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jewish Community Center -- 1979
FF9460	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jewkes, John -- 1954
FF9461	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jing, Lao -- N.D.
FF9462	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jing, Qicheng -- 1981 - 1989
FF9463	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jing, Qicheng -- 1990 - 2000
FF9464	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jobredeaux, Eliane -- 1983
FF9465	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jodkowski, Kazimierz -- 1987
FF9466	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Joe W Briggs Agency -- 1949
FF9467	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johansen, Kent F. -- 1984
FF9468	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- John O. Todd & Associates -- 1948
FF9469	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- John Wiley and Sons, Inc. -- 1951-1955
FF9470	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johns Hopkins University -- 1951 - 1986
FF9471	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johns Hopkins University Press -- 1987
FF9472	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, Bob -- 1951
FF9473	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, Cliff -- 1985
 
Box 103 - Continued
FF9474	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, David (Reverend) --1970
FF9475	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, David L. -- 1961
FF9476	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, Donald M. -- 1961
FF9477	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, Earl S. -- 1947
FF9478	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, Edward S. -- 1948 - 1965
FF9479	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, Eric J. -- 1978 - 1985 ** Restricted File **
FF9480	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, Erik -- 1956
FF9481	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, George -- 1985 - 1990
FF9482	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, Hildegard Binder -1967
FF9483	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, John G. -- 1961 - 1967
FF9484	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, Justin M. -- 1987
FF9485	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson-Laird, Phil -- 1988
FF9486	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, Paul E. -- 1973
FF9487	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson, Pedar J. -- 1966
FF9488	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson and Johnson -- 1965 -1966
FF9489	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnson Foundation -- 1973
FF9490	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnston, David J. -- 1971
FF9491	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnstone, Paul -- 1954
FF9492	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnston, Ray E. -- 1968
FF9493	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Johnston, Scott T. -- 1991 
FF9494	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jolly, G.R. -- 1960 - 1961

Box 104
Correspondence

FF9495	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jones & Laughlin Steel Corporation -- 1956
FF9496	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jones, Barclay G. -- 1983 - 1984
FF9497	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jones, Bill -- N.D.
FF9498	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jones, Bryan -- 1999
FF9499	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jones, Cliff -- 1983 - 1984
FF9500	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jones, Ernest M. -- 1966
FF9501	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jones, Julia -- 1949 -1951
FF9502	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jones, Lyle V. -- 1988
FF9503	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jones, Mari Riess -- 1974
FF9504	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jones, Victor -- 1942 -- 1955
FF9505	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jones, Webster N. -- 1951
FF9506	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jongman, R.W. -- 1969
FF9507	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jönsson, Sten -- 1975
FF9508	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jordan, Angel -- 1984-1989 * Restricted File *
FF9509	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jordy, George Y. -- 1956
FF9510	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jorgensen, Charles -- 1974
FF9511	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jorgenson, Dale W. -- 1971
FF9512	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Joseph, Bernard -- 1967
FF9513	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Joseph, Robert -- 1990 -1992
FF9514	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jossey - Bass, Allen -- 1983
 
Box 104 - Continued
FF9515	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of the American Society for Information Science -- 1980-1981
FF9516	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of the American Statistical Association -- 1961-1974
FF9517	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of Business of the University of Chicago --1956
FF9518	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization --1979 -1991
FF9519	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of Economic Literature -- 1982
FF9520	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of Experimental Child Psychology -- 1973
FF9521	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of Experimental Psychology -- 1975-1979
FF9522	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of Marketing, The -- 1954
FF9523	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of Philosophy, The -- 1952
FF9524	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of Politics, The -- 1953-1967
FF9525	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of Rational Mechanics and Analysis  -- 1953
FF9526	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of the Academy of Management -- 1959
FF9527	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of the American Statistical Association -- 1954
FF9528	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of the Association for Computing Machinery -- 1956
FF9529	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior -- 1965
FF9530	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal, Revue Internationale de Spciologie -- 1985
FF9531	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal, Revue Internationale de Systemique -- 1987
FF9532	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal, Science -- 1962-1987
FF9533	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal, Science News -- 1998
FF9534	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal, Scientific American -- 1958-1959
FF9535	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Journal, Thesis -- 1991
FF9536	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Jouvenel, BertRAND -- 1965 -1969
FF9537	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Joyner, Robert C. -- 1965 -1982
FF9538	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Juarez-Espinosa, Octavio -- 2000
FF9539	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Judd, Siegel W. -- 1948
FF9540	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Junior Achievement of Southwest Pennsylvania, Inc. -- 1993
FF9541	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Just, Marcel -- 2000
FF9542	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- K., George -- N.D.
FF9543	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kackley, Jerry A. -- 1976
FF9544	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kadane, Joseph B. -- 1976 -1986
FF9545	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kahn, Robert L. -- 1961 -1963
 
Box 104 - Continued
FF9546	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kahneman, Daniel -- 1998
FF9547	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kain, Richard -- 1986
FF9548	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kainy, Jasmine -- 2000
FF9549	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaiser, David -- N.D.
FF9550	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kalagnanam, Jayant -- 1992 - 2000
FF9551	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaldor, N. -- 1956
FF9552	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kallenberger, John -- 1979
FF9553	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kalmbach, Sidney -- 1958 -1992
FF9554	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kamas, Eleen -- 1990 -1992 -- **Restricted Files** 
FF9555	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kameda, Hisao -- 1972 -1974
FF9556	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kamlet, Mark -- 1985- 1990
FF9557	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kampfraath, André A. -- 1974
FF9558	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kanade, Takeo -- 1999
FF9559	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kannen, Mont -- N.D.
FF9560	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kansas, University of -- 1951 - 1961
FF9561	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kantor, Paul B. -- 1977 -1981
FF9562	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaplan, Craig -- 1993 - 2000 -- **Restricted Files**
FF9563	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaplan, Jeremiah -- 1957 - 1960
FF9564	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaplan, Norman -- 1950 - 1951
FF9565	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaplan, Robert -- 1979 - 1980
FF9566	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kapustiak, J. -- 1999
FF9567	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Karaku, James T. -- 1963
FF9568	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Karle, Jerome -- 1988
FF9569	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Karlin, Samuel -- 1989
FF9570	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Karlsson, Georg -- 1954
FF9571	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Karlton, Janice (Mrs. Philip Karlton) -- 1982
FF9572	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Karplus, Robert -- 1980
FF9573	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Karreman, Herman F. -- 1956
FF9574	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kash, Don E. -- 1991
FF9575	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kassler, Michael -- 1967
FF9576	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Katchourine, A. -- 1964
FF9577	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kates, Bob -- 2002
FF9578	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Katona, George -- 1962 -1981
FF9579	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Katsenelinboigen, A. -- 1974
FF9580	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Katz, Aaron-- 1958 - 1962
FF9581	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Katz, Daniel -- 1947 - 1961
FF9582	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Katz, Eran -- 1998 -1999
FF9583	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Katz, Irvin -- 1984 -1995
FF9584	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Katz, Kenneth Arthur -- 1979
FF9585	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Katz, Robert -- 1991
FF9586	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Katzer, Jeffrey -- 1964
FF9587	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Katzner, Donald W. -- 1986 -1987
FF9588	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kauffman, Stuart -- 2000
 
Box 104 - Continued
FF9589	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaufman, Daniel -- 1994 -1995
FF9590	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaufman, Edmund J. -- 1986
FF9591	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaufman, Herb -- 1949 - 1996
FF9592	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaufman, Liviu -- 1999
FF9593	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaufman, Peter Z. -- 1968
FF9594	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaye, Norman J. -- 1963
FF9595	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kaysen, Carl -- 1966
FF9596	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kean, Orville -- 1980
FF9597	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Keatey, ? -- N.D.
FF9598	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Keech, William R. -- 1999
FF9599	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Keeler, Jane D. -- 1967
FF9600	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Keeler, Robert J. -- 1953
FF9601	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Keen, Richard O. -- 1976
FF9602	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Keeney, Ralph L. -- 1980 -1989
FF9603	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Keio University -- 1975
FF9604	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kekre, Sunder -- 1994
FF9605	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Keller, D. Adolphe -- 1951
FF9606	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kellman, Mike -- 1966
FF9607	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kelly, Peter M. -- 1961 - 1964
FF9608	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kelly, Philip R. -- 1960
FF9609	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Keltikangas, Matti -- 1971
FF9610	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kendal, Maurice -- 1954 -1960
FF9611	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kennedy, John L. -- 1953 - 1955 
FF9612	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kennedy, Van D. -- 1960
FF9613	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kennedy, William T. -- 1979
FF9614	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kenney, Robert B. -- 1966
FF9615	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kenney, William S. -- 1945
FF9616	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kent, Bill -- 1954 -- 1955
FF9617	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kenyon Review -- 2000
FF9618	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kepner - Tregoe Journal -- 1979
FF9619	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kerievsky, Tracy -- 1999
FF9620	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kerner Incinerator Company -- 1943
FF9621	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kerr, Bruce -- 1992
FF9622	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kerr, Clark -- 1957 - 1969
FF9623	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kerr, Steven -- N.D.
FF9624	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kerr, Tom -- 1999
FF9625	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kerriemuir-Gibson, G. -- 1950
FF9626	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kessel, Frank -- 1985
FF9627	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ketchum, Inc.-- 1976
FF9628	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Key, V.O. Jr. -- 1947 -1959
FF9629	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Keyfitz, Beatrice and Nathan -- 1999
FF9630	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Keyfitz, Nathan -- 1977
FF9631	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Keyhani, Jacqueline J. -- 1984
 
Box 105
Correspondence

FF9632	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Khadka, Keshab Raj -- N.D.
FF9633	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Khaimovich, Leon -- 1994 - 2000
FF9634	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Khan, Omar -- 1991
FF9635	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Khandwalla, Pradip N. -- 1972 -1978
FF9636	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kholodovsky, Vitaly -- 1996
FF9637	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Khongpun, Somsook -- 1992
FF9638	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kidder, Steven J. -- 1972
FF9639	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kiefer, J. -- 1955
FF9640	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kiesler, Charles A. -- 1979 - 1994
FF9641	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kiesler, Sara -- 1977 - 1985
FF9642	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kihlstedt, Curt -- 1978 -1996
FF9643	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kilbourne, Charles E. -- 1989
FF9644	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Killingsworth, Charles C. -- 1961
FF9645	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kim, Cha Jong -- 1997
FF9646	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kim, Hanjay Donghae -- 1996
FF9647	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kim, Jin-woo -- 1992 - 1996
FF9648	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kimball, George E. -- 1952
FF9649	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kimberg, Daniel -- 1994
FF9650	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kimble, Gregory A. -- 1980
FF9651	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- King, Gerald A. Jr. -- 1962
FF9652	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- King, Johnathan W. -- 1985
FF9653	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- King, N.H. -- 1952 - 1953
FF9654	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- King, Shirley -- 1991
FF9655	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kings Electronic Company -- 1975
FF9656	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kingsland, Schuyler -- 1965
FF9657	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kingsley, E.H. -- 1952
FF9658	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kinsella, Kevin G. -- 1981
FF9659	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kinsky, Margaret E. -- 1998
FF9660	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kintsch, Walter -- 1984 - 1988
FF9661	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kipnis, Samuel W. -- 1944 - 1949
FF9662	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kircher, Paul -- 1983
FF9663	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kirsch, Werner -- 1973 - 1974
FF9664	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kirschmann, Sally -- 1981
FF9665	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kirtner, William L. -- 1955
FF9666	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kiss, G. R. -- 1981
FF9667	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kitagawa, Kazue -- 1978
FF9668	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kitch, Edmund W. -- 1988
FF9669	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kitchener, Richard F. -- 1988
FF9670	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kitching, Beverly -- 1958
FF9671	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kittnell, Colleen E. -- 1995
FF9672	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klahr, Carl N. -- 1949
FF9673	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klahr, David -- 1965 -1998
FF9674	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klahr, Phil -- 1985
FF9675	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klein, Ben G. -- 1946 -1947
 
Box 105 - Continued
FF9676	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klein, Clarence C. -- 1953
FF9677	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klein, Donald F. -- 1991
FF9678	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klein, Heinz -- 1967 -1968
FF9679	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klein, Lawrence -- 1980 -1984
FF9680	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klein, Sheldon -- 1967 -1991
FF9681	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kleindorfer, George -- 1983
FF9682	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kleinman, David T. -- 1953 - 1954
FF9683	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kleinmuntz, Benjamin -- 1970 -1995
FF9684	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klepper, Steven -- 1992 -1999
FF9685	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klesitz, Jay -- 1999
FF9686	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kling, Rob -- 1976 
FF9687	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klingman, Herbert -- 1952 - 1957
FF9688	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klix, Friedhart. -- 1972 - 1982
FF9689	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Klopfer, Leopold E. -- 1988
FF9690	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kluwe, Rainer -- 1976
FF9691	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Knapp, Peggy -- 1982 - 2000
FF9692	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kneese, Allen V. -- 1964
FF9693	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kneier, Charles M. -- 1949 - 1954
FF9694	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Knight & Associates, Inc. -- 1957
FF9695	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Knight, Kenneth E. -- 1961 -1983
FF9696	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Knoblock, Craig A. -- 1988 -1991
FF9697	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Knopf Incorporated -- 1960 -1961
FF9698	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Knuth, Donald E. -- 1975 -1998
FF9699	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Koch, Sigmund -- 1956 -1961
FF9700	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kochen, Manfred -- 1955 -1981
FF9701	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Koedinger, Ken -- 1988 - 2000
FF9702	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Koenig, Fredrick -- 1960
FF9703	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Koerner, James D. -- 1975
FF9704	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Koertge, Noretta -- 1974 -1988
FF9705	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Koestler, Arthur -- 1964 -1968
FF9706	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kohler, Echehart -- 1988
FF9707	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kohlhase, Michael -- 2000
FF9708	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kohli, Rajiv -- 1992
FF9709	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kohlman, Mark -- 1979
FF9710	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kohlruss, Rita -- 1976
FF9711	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kohs, Ellis B. -- 1942 - 1995
FF9712	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kohs, Samuel C. -- 1970 -1978
FF9713	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Koji, Kinhide Musha -- 1962
FF9714	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kolaja, Jiri -- 1953 -- 1973
FF9715	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kolb, William L. -- 1957 - 1962
FF9716	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kolman, Arnost -- 1963
FF9717	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kolodner, Janet -- 1985 -1991
FF9718	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Koltun, Philip -- 1972 -1980
FF9719	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Komarovsky, Mirra -- 1951
FF9720	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kondo, Yasumasa -- 1975
 
Box 105 - Continued
FF9721	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Konerding, Uwe -- 1998
FF9722	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Konishi Hotel -- 1972
FF9723	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Koopmans, Tjalling -- 1949 -1991
FF9724	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Koppers Company, Inc. -- 1961
FF9725	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Korf, Richard E. -- 1977 - 1996
FF9726	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Korn, Karl E. -- 1965 -1977
FF9727	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kornai, Janos -- 1968
FF9728	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kornbrot, D.E. -- 1979
FF9729	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kortzfleisch, Gert v. -- 1970
FF9730	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kosslyn, Stephen -- 1981 
FF9731	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Köster, E.P. -- 1968
FF9732	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Köster, Ute -- 1974
FF9733	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kostrzewa, Thomas -- 1982
FF9734	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kosy, Don -- 1980 -- 1999
FF9735	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kotovsky, Kenneth -- 1962 - 1999
FF9736	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kover, Joseph -- 1981
FF9737	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kozelka, Robert M. -- 1966
FF9738	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kozielecki, Jozef -- 1970 -1986
FF9739	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kozmetsky, George -- 1954 -1997
FF9740	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kozmir, Beata -- 1988
FF9741	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Krackhardt, David M. -- 1997 - 1998
FF9742	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kramer, Hugh E. -- 1978
FF9743	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kramish, Arnold -- 1998
FF9744	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Krampen, Martin -- 1962 - 1963
FF9745	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kraus, C. Raymond -- 1984
FF9746	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Krauskopf, Charles J. -- 1959
FF9747	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kraut, Robert -- 1995, 2000
FF9748	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kraut, Stanley S. -- 1962
FF9749	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kravitz, Susan J. -- 1998
FF9750	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kreml, William P. -- 1987
FF9751	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kriesberg, Martin -- 1947
FF9752	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Krishnamurthy (Sarasvathy), Saras -- 1994
FF9753	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Krishnamurthy (Sarasvathy), Saras -- 1995 - 2000
FF9754	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Krishnayya, Jaswant -- 1966
FF9755	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kroon, Fred -- 1997
FF9756	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Krueger, Anne O. -- 1984
FF9757	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Krueger, Theodore -- 1965
FF9758	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kruger, Charles -- 1960
FF9759	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Krulee, Gilbert K. -- 1954 -1962
FF9760	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Krupp, Sherman -- 1957
FF9761	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Krus, Donald M. -- 1957
FF9762	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kruskal, William -- 1956 -1983
FF9763	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kryter, Dr. -- 1955
FF9764	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kuc, Boleslaw -- 1967
 
Box 105 - Continued
FF9765	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kucan, Linda -- 1996
FF9766	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kuehn, Al -- 1963
FF9767	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kugel, Peter -- 1974
FF9768	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kuhn, Alfred -- 1963 - 1976
FF9769	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kuhn, J. Craig -- 1981
FF9770	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kuhn, Robert -- 1986
FF9771	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kuhn, Thomas S. -- 1963 -1980
FF9772	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kuipers, Benjamin -- 1988 -1999
FF9773	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kulkarni, Deepak -- 1986 - 2000
FF9774	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kumar, Chelva -- 1987 - 1995
FF9775	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kunreuther, Howard -- 1973 -1996

Box 106
Correspondence

FF9776	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kuokka, Dan -- 1988 -- 1991
FF9777	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kupiec, J.J. -- 2000
FF9778	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kurai, Takeo -- 1972 -- 1976
FF9779	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kurkoksi, Brian -- 1987
FF9780	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kurnal, Jerzy -- 1969
FF9781	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kurokawa, Toshiaki -- 1983
FF9782	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kurzweil, Ray -- 2000
FF9783	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kwo, T.T. -- 1952 -- 1953
FF9784	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kwok, Ken -- 2000
FF9785	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Kyoritsu Shuppan Co., Ltd., Publisher -- 1989
FF9786	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Laband, David -- 1988
FF9787	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- LaChat, Michael R. -- 1985
FF9788	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lachman, Roy and Janet -- 1980 -- 1998
FF9789	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lackner, Vincent F. -- 1960
FF9790	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ladd, John -- 1971 -- 1978
FF9791	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ladewig, Iverson -- 2000
FF9792	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lado, Jacob S. -- 1975
FF9793	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Laing, Neil F. -- 1979 
FF9794	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Laird, John -- 1998
FF9795	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Laita, Luis M. -- 1989 -- 1992
FF9796	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lakatos, Imre -- 1973 -- 1974
FF9797	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lakin, Fred -- 1982
FF9798	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lal, Harbans -- 1992
FF9799	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lamb, Luis da Cunha -- 1995
FF9800	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lambadarios, B. -- 1954
FF9801	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lambert, Karel -- 1957
FF9802	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lambert, Philip -- 1963
FF9803	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lambeth, Edmund B. -- 1969
FF9804	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lamers, Michael -- 1999
FF9805	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Land, Edwin H. -- 1982
 
Box 106 - Continued
FF9806	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Landahl, Herbert D. -- 1952
FF9807	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Landau, Martin -- 1959
FF9808	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Landau, Michael -- 1993
FF9809	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Landauer, Thomas K. -- 1982 -- 1988
FF9810	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Landon, George M. -- 1961
FF9811	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Landsberger, Henry A. -- 1961
FF9812	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lane, Matthew -- 1995
FF9813	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lane, Nora M. -- 1982
FF9814	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lange, Ernesto C.R. -- 1974
FF9815	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Langen, Axel -- 1952
FF9816	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Langenhagen, Carles F. -- 1963
FF9817	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Langle, Robert J. -- 1955
FF9818	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Langley, Pat -- 1975 - 2000
FF9819	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Langstaff, Janis -- 1984
FF9820	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Language -- 1969
FF9821	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lanier, Lyle H. -- 1960 -- 1961
FF9822	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lanovec, Tatjana Dr. -- 1981
FF9823	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lanzetta, John T. -- 1961
FF9824	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- LaPage, Wilbur F. -- 1968
FF9825	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lapella, Louis -- N.D.
FF9826	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lapidot, Eitan -- 1985
FF9827	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- La Rassegna Italiana di Sociologia -- 1989
FF9828	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Larichev, Oleg -- 1996-2000
FF9829	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Larichev, Oleg (Russian Academy of Sciences) -- 1996
FF9830	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Larkey, Pat -- 1976 -- 1995
FF9831	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Larkin, Jill H. -- 1976 -- 1997
FF9832	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Larkin, John Day -- 1942 -- 1985
FF9833	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- La Rosa, Michele -- 1994
FF9834	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Larreamendy-Joerns, Jorge -- 1998
FF9835	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lasher, Margot D. -- 1980
FF9836	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Laske, Otto E. -- 1972 -- 1991
FF9837	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lasker, Edward -- 1957 -- 1962
FF9838	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lasswell, Harold D. -- 1950 -- 1974
FF9839	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- LaTorre, Ronald A. -- 1973 -- 1974
FF9840	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Latsis, Spiro -- 1974 -- 1989
FF9841	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lau, Peter -- 1976
FF9842	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lauda, Tom -- 1996-1999
FF9843	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lauda, Tom -- 1996
FF9844	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Laudan, Larry -- 1976
FF9845	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Laughery, Kenneth R. -- 1960 -- 1978
FF9846	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Laurie, Edward J. -- 1958
FF9847	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Laval, Universite -- 1982
FF9848	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lave, Lester -- 1969 -- 1992
FF9849	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Laves, Walter H.C. -- 1953
 
Box 106 - Continued
FF9850	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lavoie, Marc -- 1985
FF9851	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lawler, Robert W. -- 1975
FF9852	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lawton, George W. -- 1976 -- 1977
FF9853	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lazar, Joseph -- 1955 -- 1964
FF9854	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lazarsfeld, Paul F. -- 1951 -- 1974
FF9855	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lazovik, A. David -- 1982
FF9856	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lea, Glenn -- 1972
FF9857	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leader, Alan H. -- 1962 -- 1963
FF9858	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leary, David E. -- 1980, 1991 -- 1992
FF9859	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leavitt, Harold J. -- 1955 -- 1970
FF9860	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leavy, Brian -- 1984
FF9861	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- LeClerg, E.L. -- 1945
FF9862	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lederberg, Joshua -- 1982 -- 1993
FF9863	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lederle, John W. -- 1950
FF9864	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ledesma, Luis de -- 1995
FF9865	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lee, David N. -- 1964
FF9866	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lee, Frank -- 1996 - 2000
FF9867	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lee, Hak Chong -- 1965
FF9868	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lee, Jintae -- 1998
FF9869	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lee, Lieng - Huang -- 1983
FF9870	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lee, Tai Sing -- 1998
FF9871	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leeman, C.P. -- 1952
FF9872	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leeper, Robert -- 1973
FF9873	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leeuwenberg, Emmanuel -- 1969 -- 1984
FF9874	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lehman, Jill F. -- 1996 - 2000
FF9875	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lehman, Sharon -- 1965
FF9876	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lehoczky, John P. -- 1999
FF9877	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leibenstein, Harvey -- 1951 -- 1976
FF9878	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leijonhufvud, Axel -- 2000
FF9879	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leinfellner, Werner -- 1990
FF9880	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leinhardt, Samuel -- 1975 -- 1977 **Restricted File** 
FF9881	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leiserson, Avery -- 1950 -- 1960
FF9882	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leiserson, Michael -- 1966
FF9883	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leisy, James F. -- 1959
FF9884	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leitch, Paul -- 1964
FF9885	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leivant, Daniel -- 1990
FF9886	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lekachman, Robert -- 1979
FF9887	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leland Stanford Junior University -- 1969
FF9888	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- LeMoigne, Jean-Louis -- 1974 -- 1987
FF9889	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- LeMoigne, Jean-Louis -- 1988 - 2001
FF9890	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lenat, Doug -- 1976 -- 1998
FF9891	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lenneberg, Eric H. --1958
FF9892	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lennon, James J. -- 1979
FF9893	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leonard Marston C. -- 1981
 
Box 106 - Continued
FF9894	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leonard, Robert S. -- 1991 - 2000
FF9895	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leonardo, Anthony -- 1993 - 2000
FF9896	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leontief, Wassily -- 1952 -1999
FF9897	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lepawsky, Albert -- 1941 -1962
FF9898	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Le-Quan, Tong -- 1983
FF9899	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lerner, Abba P. -- 1980
FF9900	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lerner, Leo A. -- 1944
FF9901	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leslie, Garthen -- 1981
FF9902	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lesourne, Jacques -- 1955 - 1978
FF9903	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- L’Esperance, W.L. -- 1967
FF9904	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lesser, A. Jr. -- 1951
FF9905	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lever Brothers Company - 1956
FF9906	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levin, Gilbert -- 1961
FF9907	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levin, Max -- 1972
FF9908	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levin, Simon -- 1998
FF9909	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levine, Marvin -- 1975 - 1993
FF9910	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levine, Solomon B. -- 1958
FF9911	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levinrew, George E. -- 1960
FF9912	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levison, Peter K. -- 1973
FF9913	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levitan, David M. -- 1983
FF9914	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levy, Al -- 1973
FF9915	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levy, Ferdinand -- 1962 - 1999
FF9916	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levy, Frank -- 1998
FF9917	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levy, Hubert -- 1958
FF9918	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Levy, Marion J. -- 1955 -1956
FF9919	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lewin, Arie Y. -- 1969 -1989
FF9920	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lewis, Arthur E. -- 1982
FF9921	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lewis, Gordon -- 1975
FF9922	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lewis, Matthew -- 1982 -1990 ** Restricted File **
FF9923	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lewis, Richard -- 1987
FF9924	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lewis, Verne B. -- 1951 - 1959
FF9925	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lewis, W. Arthur -- 1979
FF9926	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lewontin, R.C. -- 1976
FF9927	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Leys, Wayne A.R. -- N.D.

Box 107
Correspondence

FF9928	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Li, C.C. -- 1957
FF9929	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Li, Xiaoping -- 1994 - 1995
FF9930	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Li, Yeping -- 1994 - 1996
FF9931	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Liao, Boqin -- 1997 - 1998
FF9932	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Liao, Shu-Sheng -- 1969
FF9933	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Library of Congress, The -- 1950 -1982
FF9934	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Library of Congress, The -- 1950
 
Box 107 - Continued
FF9935	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lieberman, Lawrence -- 1974 - 1975
FF9936	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lieberman, Marvin B. -- 1995
FF9937	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Liggett, William Wallace -- 1964
FF9938	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lightfoot, John C. -- 1956 - 1957
FF9939	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Likert, Rensis -- 1955 - 1965
FF9940	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lim, Tian Fung -- 1994 - 1995
FF9941	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Limbach Company -- 1953
FF9942	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Limberg, Gertrud -- 1985
FF9943	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lin, Jian - Xiang -- 1984 - 1998
FF9944	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lin, Jon -- 1997
FF9945	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lin, Michelle T. -- 1998
FF9946	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lincoln, T.L. -- 1964
FF9947	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lincoln Electric Company, The -- 1952 -1958
FF9948	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lindahl, Goran -- 1990
FF9949	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lindboe, Bob -- 1968
FF9950	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lindholm, Stig -- 1965
FF9951	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lindsay, Franklin A.-- 1966, 1982 - 1983
FF9952	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lindsay, Robert K.-- 1960 - 2000
FF9953	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lindsley, Donald B. -- 1964
FF9954	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lindzey, Gardner -- 1963 - 1989
FF9955	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ling, Charles X. -- 1994 -1996
FF9956	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ling, Wei -- 1984
FF9957	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lingle, Kndall Ide -- 1950 -1977
FF9958	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lins, Mario -- 1961
FF9959	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Linsenmeier, Joan -- 1975
FF9960	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Linville, Charles D. -- 1994 - 1998 **  Restricted File **
FF9961	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lippincott, J.B. Lippincott Company -- 1963
FF9962	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lipset, Seymour M. -- 1953 -1970
FF9963	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lipsey, Richard G. -- 1986
FF9964	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lipsitt, Lewis P. -- 1991
FF9965	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Litchfield, Edward -- 1955
FF9966	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Littauer, Sebastian B. -- 1951 -1964
FF9967	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Litterer, Joseph A. -- 1956
FF9968	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Little, Brown and Company -- 1979
FF9969	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Littleton, Arthur C. -- 1973
FF9970	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Litton Industries -- 1957
FF9971	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Livingston, Robert -- 1950 -1957
FF9972	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Liwat, Lowell K. -- 1984
FF9973	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Llorente, Rosendo -- 1961 -1962
FF9974	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lochhead, Jack -- 1978 -1983, 1985
FF9975	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Locke, Douglass -- 1986
FF9976	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lockheed Aircraft Corporation -- 1956
FF9977	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lockheed Missiles & Space Company -- 1965
FF9978	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Loehlin, John C. -- 1966 -1968
 
Box 107 - Continued
FF9979	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Loescher, Samuel M. -- 1982
FF9980	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Loewenstein, George -- 2001 ** Restricted File **
FF9981	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Loftus, Geoffrey R. -- 1971
FF9982	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Loftus, Helen E. -- 1954
FF9983	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Logothetti, Dave -- 1972
FF9984	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lohmann, M.R. -- 1954
FF9985	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lomi, Alessandro -- 2000 - 2001
FF9986	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lomov, Bonis-- 1980 -1988
FF9987	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- London, Ivan D. and Miriam -- 1972
FF9988	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- London, Ralph L. -- 1965
FF9989	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- London School of Economics and Political Science -- 1960 -1989
FF9990	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Long, Carleton C. -- 1957
FF9991	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Long, Ken -- 1985
FF9992	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Long, Norton E. -- 1950 -1961
FF9993	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Longley, David -- 1998
FF9994	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Longuet - Higgins, H.C. -- 1972 -1991
FF9995	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Loomis, Mary Jane -- 1961
FF9996	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lopes, Lola -- 1983
FF9997	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lord, Jess -- 1965
FF9998	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lorie, James H. -- 1965
FF9999	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lorrain, Francois -- 1966
FF10000	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lott, William D. -- 1988 -1989
FF10001	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lou, Heng -- N.D.
FF10002	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Loui, Ronald Prescott -- 1993
FF10003	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Louisiana Polytechnic Institute -- 1950
FF10004	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Louttit, C.M. -- 1956
FF10005	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lovato, Giuseppe -- 1986
FF10006	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Love, Julia -- 1999 - 2000
FF10007	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lovejoy, Elijah -- 1968
FF10008	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Loveland, Donald -- 1968 - 2000
FF10009	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lovell, Michael C. -- 1971
FF10010	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lovenstein, Meno -- 1958 -1959
FF10011	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lovich, Lillian -- 1999  ** Restricted File **
FF10012	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lowenthal, Alexander -- 1987
FF10013	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lowery, Lloyd -- 1963
FF10014	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lowry, Amalie -- 1947
FF10015	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lu, Guo -- N.D.
FF10016	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lu, Yu -- 1990 -1995  ** Restricted File **
FF10017	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lubin, Ardie -- 1954 -1956
FF10018	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Luce, R. Duncan -- 1952 - 2000
FF10019	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Luckett, Dudley G. -- 1952 
FF10020	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lucas, Robert E. -- 1972 -1984
FF10021	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ludewigs, Jorg -- 1988
 
Box 107 - Continued
FF10022	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ludgin, Maryanne -- 1982
FF10023	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ludvigson, H. Wayne -- 1965
FF10024	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Luger, George -- 1981 -- 1997  ** Restricted File ** 
FF10025	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lumsdaine, A.A. -- 1961
FF10026	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lundberg, George A. -- 1956
FF10027	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lunsdaine, A.A. -- N.D.
FF10028	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Luo, Yongdong -- 1990 -1991
FF10029	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lycos Ventures -- 1999
FF10030	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lydall, H.F. -- 1963
FF10031	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lykos, Peter -- 2000
FF10032	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Lyons, Gene M. -- 1959
FF10033	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mabie, Jack -- 1957
FF10034	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Maccoby, Eleanor -- 1958
FF10035	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Maccoby, Nathan -- 1950
FF10036	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- MacCrimmon, Kenneth -- 1967 -1997
FF10037	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Macfadyen Club -- 1969
FF10038	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- MacFadyen, Alan J. --1985
FF10039	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Macfarlane, R.G. -- 1987
FF10040	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- MacGregor, Ronald J. -- N.D.
FF10041	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Machaver, Robert -- N.D.
FF10042	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Machinery & Allied Products Institute -- 1950
FF10043	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Machlup, Fritz -- 1963 -1981
FF10044	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mackay, D. M. -- 1972
FF10045	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mackenzie, Donald -- 1995, 1997 -1998
FF10046	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Maclane, Saunders -- 1979 -1984 
FF10047	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Macleod, Bentley -- 1997
FF10048	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Macmahon, Arthur-- 1947
FF10049	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Macmillan, Allister M. -- 1955 -1956
FF10050	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Macnamara, John -- 1987 
FF10051	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Macnaughton, John F. -- 1955
FF10052	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Macrae, Duncan Jr. -- 1953 -1958
FF10053	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Macridis, Roy C. -- 1954
FF10054	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- MacWhinney, Brian -- 1998 -1999
FF10055	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Madoo, Reynold -- 1982
FF10056	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Madow, William G. -- 1951 -1955
FF10057	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Magee, John F. -- 1955
FF10058	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Magerko, Brian -- 1998 -1999 ** Restricted Files **
FF10059	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mahoning Valley Technical Societies Council -- 1971 -1972
FF10060	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mailick, Sidney -- 1957 -1965
FF10061	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Majone, Giandome nico -- 1956 -1982
FF10062	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Major, Judy -- 1988
FF10063	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Majors, Kathy -- 2000
 
Box 107 - Continued
FF10064	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Makris, Kimon -- 1974 -1975
FF10065	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Malaysia, University Sains -- 1975
FF10066	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mallery, John -- 1985
FF10067	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Malloy, Kitty -- 1942 -1943
FF10068	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Maloney, Clifford J. -- 1951 -1955
FF10069	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Maloney, Laurence T. -- 1989
FF10070	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Malouin, Jean - Louis -- 1986
FF10071	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- [von der] Malsburg, Christoph -- 1987 
FF10072	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mamlidi, Joseph -- 1953
FF10073	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Managasing, Victor S. -- 1984 -1985
FF10074	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Management Review -- 1978 -1979
FF10075	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Managerial Grid -- 1964
FF10076	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Manchester, University of -- 1949
FF10077	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mandel, Rob -- 1988
FF10078	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mandelbaum, Seymour J. -- 1964 -1965
FF10079	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mandelbrot, Benoit -- 1954
FF10080	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Manders, Kenneth L. -- 1986, 1988, 1990
FF10081	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mangel, Marc -- 1987 
FF10082	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mann, Alan O. -- 1954 -1963
FF10083	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mann, Floyd C. -- 1951 -1953
FF10084	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mann, Henry B. -- 1953
FF10085	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mann, Seymour Z. -- 1953
FF10086	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mann, William C. -- 1973
FF10087	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Manne, Alan S. -- 1951
FF10088	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Manning, Bayless -- 1957
FF10089	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Manning, Winton H. -- 1966
FF10090	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mansfield, Edwin -- 1961 -1995
FF10091	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mantha, Robert W. -- 2000
FF10092	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Manthey, Michael -- 1999
FF10093	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Manvel, Allen D. -- 1954
FF10094	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Maracci, Elio -- 1969 -1979  ** Restricted File **
FF10095	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marang, Donald E. -- 1979
FF10096	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- March, James G. -- 1953 -1986
FF10097	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- March, James G. -- 1991 - 2001
FF10098	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marder, Eric -- 1952 -1955 
FF10099	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marengo, Luigi -- 1999 - 2000
FF10100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Margenau, Henry -- 1954 
FF10101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Margolis, Emanuel -- 1951
FF10102	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Margolis, Julius -- 1950 -1963
FF10103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marietta College -- 1950
FF10104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marine National Exchange Bank -- 1948 - 1949
FF10105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Markis, Kimon -- 1974 -1975
FF10106	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Markowitz, Harry M. -- 1990
 
Box 107 - Continued
FF10107	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marples, D.L. -- 1964 -1971
FF10108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marquardt, Dr. -- 1955

Box 108
Correspondence

FF10109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marquette University -- 1979
FF10110	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marquette University School of Medicine -- 1966
FF10111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marquis, Donald G. -- 1964 -1966
FF10112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marriner, Audrey I.  --1981
FF10113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marris, Robin L. -- 1977 -1982
FF10114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mars, F.E. -- 1955
FF10115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marschak Volume -- 1963 -1972
FF10116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marschak, Jacob -- 1950 -1977
FF10117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marshall & Ilsley Bank -- 1943
FF10118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marshall, David -- 1988 -1997
FF10119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Martelli, Antonio -- 1977 -1978
FF10120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marti, O.K. -- 1949
FF10121	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Martin Company, The -- 1960
FF10122	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Martin, Edwin -- 1978
FF10123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Martin, John N.T. -- 1972
FF10124	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Martin, Norman H. -- 1955 - 1956
FF10125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Martin, W.T. -- 1960
FF10126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Martiny, M. -- 1955
FF10127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Maruyama, Magoroh -- 1962
FF10128	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marvick, Dwaine -- 1958 
FF10129	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marwick, Dwaine -- 1952 -1953
FF10130	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marx, Fritz Morstein -- 1959
FF10131	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marx, Melvin H. -- 1978
FF10132	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Marx, William D. -- 1949, 1979, 1982 
FF10133	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mason, Edward S. -- 1964
FF10134	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mason, John Brown -- 1956
FF10135	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mason, R. Hal -- 1964
FF10136	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Massachusetts Institute of Technology -- 1952 -1962
FF10137	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Massachusetts, University of -- 1970
FF10138	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Massarik, Fred -- 1956
FF10139	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Massimar, Riccaboni -- 1999
FF10140	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Masson, Michael E.J. -- 1977
FF10141	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Masterman, Margaret -- N.D.
FF10142	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Matchett, Gerald J. -- 1955
FF10143	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mathematical Applications Group, Inc. -- 1971
FF10144	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mathematical Review -- 1958
FF10145	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mathews, D.R. -- 1949
 
Box 108 - Continued
FF10146	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mathur, Navin -- 1987, 1991
FF10147	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Matrix Corporation -- 1968
FF10148	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Matsuda, Bill Takehiko -- 1956 -1999
FF10149	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mattessich, Ricco -- 1984
FF10150	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Matthews, Rebecca A. -- 1987
FF10151	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mauchly, J.W. -- 1955
FF10152	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mauthe, Richard J. -- 1956
FF10153	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Maxfield, Neal D. -- 1969
FF10154	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Maxion, Roy -- 1977 -1998  ** Restricted File **
FF10155	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- May, Kenneth O. -- 1946 -1973
FF10156	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- May, Samuel C. -- 1937 -1943
FF10157	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- May, Stacy -- 1938 -1939
FF10158	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mayer, Charles S. -- 1962 
FF10159	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mayer, Richard E. n.d. ** Restricted File **
FF10160	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Maynard, H.B. -- 1965 
FF10161	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mayne, Robert -- 1951
FF10162	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mayr, Ernst -- 1993 
FF10163	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mays, John M. -- 1974 -1978
FF10164	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McArthur, David -- 1980
FF10165	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McBride, Helena -- 1982 -1984 
FF10166	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCabe, Charles Law -- 1982
FF10167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCabe, T.B. Jr. -- 1954
FF10168	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCall, Robert B. -- 1987
FF10169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCamy, James L. -- 1947
FF10170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCarthy, John -- 1956 -1962
FF10171	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McClean, Ron -- 1979
FF10172	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McClelland, James L. -- 1982 - 2000  ** Restricted File **
FF10173	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCloskey, Joseph F. -- 1955 -1956
FF10174	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McClure, William -- 1983
FF10175	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McConomy, Thomas A. -- 1993
FF10176	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCorduck, Pamela -- 1974 - 2000
FF10177	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCracken, Daniel D. -- 1960
FF10178	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCrary, Carl M. -- 1997
FF10179	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCreary Tire & Rubber Company -- 1958
FF10180	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCreary, James W. -- 1954
FF10181	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCredie, Jack -- 1983
FF10182	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCullough, Malcolm -- 1999
FF10183	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCullough, William -- 1957
FF10184	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McCurdy, Howard -- 1976 -1977
FF10185	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McDermott, John -- 1985
FF10186	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McDonald, John -- 1954 -1955
FF10187	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McDonald-Ross, Michael -- 1974
FF10188	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McFall, John B. -- 1974
 
Box 108 - Continued 
FF10189	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McFarling, Bruce R. -- 1991
FF10190	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McGill University -- 1962 -1972
FF10191	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McGinnis, Harry -- 1987
FF10192	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McGinnis, Robert -- 1991 -1998
FF10193	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McGinnis, Thomas -- 1993 -1994  ** Restricted File **
FF10194	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McGlothlin, Nancy -- 1980
FF10195	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McGraw-Hill Book Company -- 1946 -1966 
FF10196	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McGuire, Joseph W. -- 1960
FF10197	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McGuirre, William J. -- 1975
FF10198	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McKay, Charles M. -- 1960
FF10199	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mckeachie, W.J. -- 1992 
FF10200	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McKenney, James L. -- 1971 
FF10201	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McKern, Bruce -- 1999 - 2000  ** Restricted File **
FF10202	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McKinsey & Company -- 1956 -1967
FF10203	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mclain, David -- 1985
FF10204	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McLaughlin, Donald -- 1967 -1973 
FF10205	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McLean, Joseph -- 1953
FF10206	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McLean, Leslie D. -- 1966
FF10207	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McLean, Robert -- 1968 -1978
FF10208	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McLeod, R.B. -- 1958
FF10209	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McLynn, James M. -- 1950
FF10210	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McMahon, Lee E. -- 1963
FF10211	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McMaster University (Irving Zucker Lecture ) -- 1977
FF10212	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McMillian, Kenneth -- 1988
FF10213	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McMullen, Paulette -- 1990
FF10214	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McNulty, James -- 1956
FF10215	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McNulty, Theodore P. -- 1964
FF10216	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McPhee, William N. -- 1965
FF10217	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McPherson, J.H. -- 1965
FF10218	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McQueen, David -- 1987 
FF10219	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McQuire, John -- 1971 -1972
FF10220	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McWhinney, William H. -- 1962 -1966
FF10221	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- McWilliams, Carey -- 1960
FF10222	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mecham, Robert C. -- 1968
FF10223	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mecca, Michael -- 1993
FF10224	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Medawar, Peter -- 1970 -1983
FF10225	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Medical Electronics News -- 1963
FF10226	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Meehl, Paul E. -- 1955 -1956
FF10227	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- M.E. Engineering Limited -- 1949
FF10228	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mehl, Merlyn -- 1981
FF10229	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Meier, Richard L. -- 1951 -1971
FF10230	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mehlenbacher, Brad -- 1989
 
Box 108 - Continued
FF10231	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mehra, Rajnish -- 1982 -1993
FF10232	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Melcher, Arlen -- 1970 -1977
FF10233	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Melis, Erica -- 1998 -1999
FF10234	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mellon A.W. Foundation -- 1996
FF10235	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mellon Institute Colloquium -- 1964
FF10236	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mellon National Bank and Trust Company --	1949 -1954	
FF10237	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mellon, Paul -- 1974, 1992, 1999
FF10238	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mellon, Richard K. -- 1966
FF10239	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Melman, Seymour -- 1961
FF10240	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Melpar, Inc. -- 1961
FF10241	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Melton, Arthur W. -- 1969
FF10242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Meltzer, Allan -- 1980 -1990
FF10243	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Meltzer, Benard -- 1964
FF10244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Memory and Cognition -- 1973 -1976, 1999
FF10245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mendelson, Morris -- 1955
FF10246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mendonca, David, J. -- 1994 -1995
FF10247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Menger, Karl -- 1952
FF10248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Menninger, Karl A. -- 1948
FF10249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Menten, R.A. -- 1960
FF10250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Merck & Co., Inc. -- 1956
FF10251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mereu, Giovanni A. -- 1984 -1985
FF10252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Merriam G & C. Co. -- 1978
FF10253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Merrill Center for Economics, The -- 1959
FF10254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Merrill, Charles E. Merril Books, Inc. -- 1961
FF10255	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Merton, Robert K. -- 1950-1992
FF10256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mesaki, Kenji -- 1955
FF10257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mesarovic, Mihajlo D. -- 1968 -1973
FF10258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Messick, David M. -- 1963 -1964
FF10259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Messner, William C. -- 1997 -1998
FF10260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Metcalfe, Janet -- 1989
FF10261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Metropoltian Life Insurance Company -- 1943 -1944
FF10262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Metropolitan Study Commission of Allegheny County -- 1953 -1955
FF10263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Metz, Kathy -- 1982 - 2000  ** Restricted File **
Box 109
Correspondence

FF10264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Meyer, G.L. -- 1955
FF10265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Meyer, Herbert H. -- 1973
FF10266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Meyer, Leonard B. -- 1967 -1994
FF10267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Meyers, Gerald C. -- 1976
FF10268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miami University -- 1960
FF10269	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Michalski, Ryszard S. -- 1984
 
Box 109 - Continued
FF10270	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Michigan Civil Service Commission -- 1958
FF10271	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Michigan State University -- 1960 -1964
FF10272	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Michigan, Western Michigan University -- 1963
FF10273	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Michigan, University of -- 1949 -1976
FF10274	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Michon, John -- 1965 - 2001
FF10275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mickelson, Steven -- 1973
FF10276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Middle States Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools -- 1963
FF10277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Middleton, Russell -- 1957
FF10278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Midwestern Psychological Association -- 1972 -1973
FF10279	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mihail, Ivan -- 1946
FF10280	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Milacic, Vladimir -- 1985
FF10281	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Milburn, Thomas W. -- 1975
FF10282	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Military Systems Design -- 1961
FF10283	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miles, Paul F. -- 1960
FF10284	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Millard, A.M. -- 1952
FF10285	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Alverissa -- 1967
FF10286	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Arthur I. -- 1976-1985
FF10287	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Delbert C. -- 1961
FF10288	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Edna Homa -- 1960
FF10289	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Edward, M. -- 1987
FF10290	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Gary L. -- 1999
FF10291	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, George -- 1955 - 2000
FF10292	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Irving -- 1955 -1956
FF10293	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, James B. -- 1984
FF10294	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, James G. -- 1952 -1958, 1995
FF10295	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Joseph R. -- 1964
FF10296	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, L. Keith -- 1957
FF10297	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Mark L. -- 1972 
FF10298	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Merton -- 1990
FF10299	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Neal E. -- 1962 -1985
FF10300	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Richard A. -- 1997
FF10301	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, Steve -- 1990-1998
FF10302	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miller, William E. -- 1977
FF10303	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Millikan, Max F. -- 1956
FF10304	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Millman, Barry -- 1968
FF10305	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Millward, Richard B. -- 1972 -1975
FF10306	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Milner, Stuart -- 1974
FF10307	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Milwaukee Public Museum -- 1931
FF10308	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Milwaukee Public Schools -- 1935
FF10309	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Minden, Jonathan S. -- 1999
FF10310	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miner, John B. -- 1979
FF10311	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Minkes, A. L . -- 1968 -1978
 
Box 109 - Continued
FF10312	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Minneapolis-Honeywell Regulatory Company -- 1956
FF10313	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Minnesota, University of -- 1954 -1991
FF10314	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Minnesota, Univeristy of, Press -- 1978-1982
FF10315	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Minot, Otis N. -- 1964
FF10316	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Minsky, Marvin -- 1962, 1956-1998
FF10317	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mintzberg, Henry -- 1976-1993
FF10318	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miscellaneous Birthday Cards
FF10319	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miscellaneous Congratulations -- Baby 
FF10320	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miscellaneous Christmas / New Years Cards
FF10321	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miscellaneous Congratulations (National Academy of Sciences) -- 1967
FF10322	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miscellaneous Congratulations (President’s National Medal) -- 1986
FF10323	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miscellaneous Fathers Day Cards 
FF10324	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miscellaneous Letters (Author Unknown)
FF10325	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miscellaneous Wedding Announcements and Thank You Cards	
FF10326	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mish, Frederick C. -- 1978
FF10327	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mississippi, University of -- 1958
FF10328	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- M.I.T. [Massachutsetts Institute of Technology]  -- 1956-1973
FF10329	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- M.I.T. Operations Research Center -- 1961
FF10330	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- M.I.T. Press -- 1972 -2000
FF10331	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mitchell, Gary F. -- 1964
FF10332	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mitchell, Peter -- 1979
FF10333	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mitchell, Rowland L., Jr. -- 1981
FF10334	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mitchell, Samuel -- 1957
FF10335	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mitchell, Tom -- 1979
FF10336	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mitchell, Thomas O. -- 1973 -- 1974
FF10337	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mitchie, Donald -- 1977-1995
FF10338	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mitre Corporation, The -- 1960 -1963
FF10339	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mitroff, Ian -- 1975
FF10340	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miwa, Kazuhisa -- 1992-1993
FF10341	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Miyake, Koju -- 1972
FF10342	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- 1981
FF10343	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Models of Discovery -- 1976
FF10344	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Modesitt, Kenneth L. -- 1964 -1978
FF10345	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Modigliani, Andre -- 1976
FF10346	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Modigliani, Franco -- 1952-1996
FF10347	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Modjeski, Richard B. -- 1987
FF10348	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mogensen, Bettina -- 2000
FF10349	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mohandas, Bhat Sudin -- 1985
FF10350	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mohsen, Adel -- 1953
FF10351	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moles, Abraham A. -- 1947
 
Box 109 - Continued
FF10352	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Monacelli, Andrea -- 1985
FF10353	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Monash, B. -- 1945
FF10354	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mondale, Walter F. -- 1969
FF10355	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mongin, Philippe -- 1983 -1985
FF10356	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- The Monist -- 1963
FF10357	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Monroe, Logan -- 1952
FF10358	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Monsanto Chemical Company -- 1954 -1963
FF10359	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Monteverde, Robert J. -- 1961
FF10360	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Montgomery, Henry -- 1979
FF10361	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- de Monthoux, Pierre Guillet -- 1963
FF10362	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Montroll, Elliott W. -- 1980-1982
FF10363	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moon, Henry Lee -- 1964
FF10364	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moore, Andrew W. -- 1999
FF10365	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moore, Gary T. -- 1968
FF10366	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moore, Herbert -- 1962 -1978
FF10367	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moore, James M. -- 1956
FF10368	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moore, Lyman S. -- 1944
FF10369	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moore, O.K. -- 1957 -1965
FF10370	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moore, Thomas J. -- 1991 -1992
FF10371	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moran, Thomas P. -- 1966 -1976
FF10372	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- MoRAND, Pascal -- 1991
FF10373	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morel, Benoit -- 2000
FF10374	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moreland, Edward L. -- 1947
FF10375	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morell, Jonathan -- 1971 -- 1972
FF10376	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morgan, Charles G. -- 1974
FF10377	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morgan, Granger -- 1990
FF10378	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morgan, Greg -- 1999
FF10379	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morgan, James N. -- 1961-1996
FF10380	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morgan Kaufmann Publishers, Inc. -- 1985-1990
FF10381	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morgenstern, Oskar -- 1945 -1956
FF10382	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morgenthaler, Lindsay -- 1995
FF10383	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morin, Alexander J. -- 1955 -1959
FF10384	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morishima, Michio -- 1957
FF10385	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morison, Elting E. -- 1963
FF10386	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morns, Derek -- 2000
FF10387	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morns, James -- 1992-2000
FF10388	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morowitz, Norman -- 1962
FF10389	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morra, Frank Jr. -- 1968 -1971
FF10390	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morra, Sergio -- 1994
FF10391	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morris, William and Mary -- 1984
FF10392	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morrisett, Lloyd N. -- 1959 -1997
FF10393	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morrison, Claude O. -- 1961
FF10394	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morrison, Don -- 1994
FF10395	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morrison, R.M. -- 1952
 
Box 109 - Continued
FF10396	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morrison, Rebecca Sue -- 1975 -1977
FF10397	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morrison, Robert F. -- 1971
FF10398	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morse, Herbert C-- 1953
FF10399	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morse, John -- 
FF10400	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morse, Nancy -- 1953
FF10401	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Morse, Philip M. -- 1963
FF10402	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mosaic -- 1979 -1980
FF10403	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mosimann, Jacques -- 1961
FF10404	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moss, Joseph L. -- 1949
FF10405	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moss, Morton F. -- 1957
FF10406	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mosteller, Frederick -- 1957 -1965
FF10407	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mostau, Jack -- 1982-1998  **Restricted File**
FF10408	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mouse Systems Corporation -- 1991
FF10409	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moyer, John -- 1997
FF10410	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moyer, Keck -- 1996
FF10411	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Moynihan, Daniel P. -- 1970 - 1986
FF10412	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- MSSB Proposal -- 1972 -1974
FF10413	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mulder, Mauk -- 1959

Box 110
Correspondence

FF10414	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Muldoon, John F. -- 1967 -1971
FF10415	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Muller, David -- 1958
FF10416	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Muller, Herold U. -- 1986
FF10417	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mullins, William -- 1997
FF10418	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Muller, Wolfgang -- 1969 - 1973
FF10419	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mullooly, Kitty -- 1943
FF10420	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Munakata, Tosh -- 1994-1999
FF10421	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Murdock, Bennet -- 1994
FF10422	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Murdock, George P. -- 1982
FF10423	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Murphy, John R. -- 1968
FF10424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Murphy, Tom -- 1998
FF10425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Murray, David -- 1975
FF10426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Murray, Irving R. -- 1950 -1981
FF10427	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Murray-Smith, Rod -- 1996
FF10428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Murthy, Nnk -- 1985
FF10429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Murthy, Sesh -- 1989
FF10430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Museum of Science and Industry -- 1979
FF10431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Muster, Douglas -- 1985
FF10432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Muth, John F. -- 1969-1999
FF10433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Mycielski, Jan -- 1976
FF10434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Myers, Andrew -- 1984
FF10435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Myers, Charles A. -- 1965
 
Box 110 - Continued
FF10436	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Myers, Howard B. -- N.D.
FF10437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Myers, Christine -- 1994
FF10438	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Myhrman, Johan -- 1993 
FF10439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nabavi, Aziz -- 1961
FF10440	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Naftalin, Micah -- 1981
FF10441	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nagel, Ernest -- 1958
FF10442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nagel, Jack H. -- 1975 - 1977
FF10443	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nagin, Daniel -- 1971 - 1972
FF10444	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nair, Indira -- 1999
FF10445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nakada, Takeshi -- 1979 - 1980
FF10446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Naman, John L. -- 1992-1994 ** Restricted File **
FF10447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Napalkov, Dr. A.V. -- 1961
FF10448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Naparst, Stanley -- 1961
FF10449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Narayan, M.N.A. -- 1961
FF10450	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Narayanan, Hari -- 1992-1995
FF10451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Näslund, Bertil -- 1968 - 1977
FF10452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Academy of Public Administration -- 1967-1982
FF10453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Academy of Sciences -- 1967-2000 **Restricted File**
FF10454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Academy of Sciences -- FACA Case -- 1997
FF10455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Academy of Sciences/National Research Council -- 1958-1971
FF10456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Academy of Sciences -- Section 52  --1997-1999 **Restricted File**
FF10457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Aeronautics and Space Administration -- 1970
FF10458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --National Association of Cost Accountants -- 1952 -1953
FF10459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Cash Register Company, The -- 1960 -- 1961
FF10460	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Center of Naval Analyses -- 1962
FF10461	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Commission on Materials Policy -- 1972
FF10462	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Commission on Technology, Automation, and Economic Progress -- 1965
FF10463	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Conference on Social Welfare -- 1959
FF10464	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Council For an Energy Efficient Economy  -- 1979
FF10465	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Council for United States-China Trade -- 1975-1976
 
Box 110 - Continued
FF10466	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Council of Jewish Women -- 1973, 1973
FF10467	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Council of the Church of Christ -- 1965 - 1968
FF10468	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Council of Social Studies [Cleveland Talk] -- 1966
FF10469	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Cyclopedia of American Biography, The -- 1950-1955
FF10470	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Endowment for the Humanities -- N.D.
FF10471	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Housing Agency (Urban Development Division) -- 1942-1944
FF10472	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Institute of Public Affairs -- 1949
FF10473	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Institutes of Health -- 1961
FF10474	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Medal of Science -- 1986-1988  **Restricted File**
FF10475	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Recreation Association -- 1944
FF10476	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Research Council -- 1967
FF10477	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Science Board -- 1989
FF10478	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Science Foundation -- 1958-1998  **Restricted File**
FF10479	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- National Security Resources Board -- 1950
FF10480	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nation’s Buisness -- 1960
FF10481	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nature -- 1992
FF10482	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Naval, U.S. Naval Post Graduate School -- 1960
FF10483	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Naval Procurement Office -- 1942
FF10484	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Naval Research Laboratory -- 1957 - 1980
FF10485	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Navy Personnel Research Field Activity, U.S. -- 1961
FF10486	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nebol, Erdal -- 1975
FF10487	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Neches, Robert -- 1976 - 1983
FF10488	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Neff, Judson -- 1953
FF10489	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Negroponte, Nicholas -- 1973 - 1975
FF10490	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Neisser, Ulric -- 1963 -- 1979
FF10491	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Netherlands Institute for Preventive Medicine --1958
FF10492	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Neves, David -- 1976-1997
FF10493	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nevins, Arthur -- 1964 - 1975
FF10494	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Newcomb, Theodore M. -- 1954 - 1955
FF10495	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Newell, Allen -- 1953 - 1985
FF10496	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Newell, Allen Mrs. -- 1973
FF10497	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Newell, Paul -- 1992
FF10498	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Newell, William E. -- 1959
 
Box 110 - Continued
FF10499	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences -- 1960 - 1961
FF10500	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New Hampshire, University of -- 1968
FF10501	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New Leader, The -- 1981
FF10502	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New Palgrave -- 1984-1986
FF10503	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Newman, William H. -- 1961
FF10504	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New Mexico, University of -- 1983
FF10505	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New School for Social Research
FF10506	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Newsted, Peter R. -- 1970 -1978
FF10507	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New York Academy of Scientists, The -- 1965
FF10508	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New York Herald Tribune -- 1959
FF10509	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New York Review of Books, The -- 1966
FF10510	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New York State School of Industrial and Labor Relations -- 1959 -1960
FF10511	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New York, State University of New York at Buffalo -- 1968 -1973
FF10512	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New York, State University of New York at Stony Brook -- 1967
FF10513	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New York Times -- 1971
FF10514	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New York University -- 1956 -1971
FF10515	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- New Yorker, The -- 1954
FF10516	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Neyman, Jerzy -- 1943
FF10517	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nguyen-Xuan, Ann -- 1992
FF10518	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Niagara Fire Insurance Company -1948
FF10519	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nicholas, David -- 1979-1999
FF10520	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nicholson, Michael -- 1964
FF10521	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nicosia, Francesco -- 1962-1989
FF10522	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Niehoff, Richard O. -- 1982-1990
FF10523	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Niekrasz, Jerzy -- 1957
FF10524	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Niiniluto, Ilkka -- 1972
FF10525	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nilsson, Nils J. -- 1977 -1983
FF10526	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nimer, Ben -- 1953 -- 1954
FF10527	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nippon Office Management Association -- 1969
FF10528	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nixon, Richard -- 1969
FF10529	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nobel Prize Laureates-Convocation Announcement -- 1979 -1981
FF10530	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nobel Prize Committee -- 1978-1999	
FF10531	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Noetzel, Arthur J., Jr. -- 1950
FF10532	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nolen, Wilson -- 1955
FF10533	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nolting, Orin F. -- 1956 -1958
FF10534	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Noordman, Leo G.M. -- 1978
FF10535	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Norelli, Patrick -- 1950
FF10536	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Norman, Donald O. -- 1969-1986
FF10537	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- North, Douglass -- 1998 -1999
 
Box 110 - Continued
FF10538	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- North Carolina State College/Raleigh -- 1960
FF10539	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- North Carolina, University of -- 1974 -- 1975
FF10540	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- North Carolina, University of  (Chapel Hill ) -- 1950-1958
FF10541	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- North-Holland Publishing Compny -- 1973-1983
FF10542	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company -- 1948
FF10543	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Northwestern University -- 1956 -1979
FF10544	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Notre Dame, University of -- 1960
FF10545	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Novak, Gordon, Jr. -- 1976-1997
FF10546	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Novick, Jane -- 1952
FF10547	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nowakowska, Maria -- 1976 -1984
FF10548	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Nuclear Science and Engineering Corporation -- 1958-1964
FF10549	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Null, Cynthia -- 1985
FF10550	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “N” -- 1966-1999
FF10551	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oakhill, Frederic -- 1946
FF10552	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oak Ridge National Laboratory -- 1958
FF10553	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oberlin College -- 1966
FF10554	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ockleberry, Wallulah -- 1945-1950
FF10555	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- O’Connell, Edward -- 1961 -1978
FF10556	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- O’Connell, R.H. -- 1961

Box 111
Correspondence

FF10557	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oden, Svante -- 1969
FF10558	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Office of Economic Opportunity -- 1965
FF10559	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence --Office of Naval Officer Procurement
FF10560	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Office of Naval Research -- 1955 -1964
FF10561	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Office of Ordnance Research (U.S. Army) --1955
FF10562	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Office of Personnel Management -- 1980
FF10563	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Office Service Department, C.I.T. -- 1958
FF10564	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ogg, Frederic A. -- 1948
FF10565	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ohio State University -- 1956 -1972
FF10566	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ohio University Seminar -- 1963 -1965
FF10567	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ohlsson, Stellan -- 1977-1998 **Restricted File**
FF10568	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Okada, Takeshi -- 1991-1997 **Restricted File**
FF10569	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oklahoma, University of -- 1956
FF10570	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oklahoma State University -- 1962
FF10571	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Okleberry, Wallulah -- 1950
 
Box 111 - Continued
FF10572	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oldenbourg, R. -- 1961 -1968
FF10573	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Olive, Roy J. -- 1940
FF10574	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oliver, Juan Carlos -- 1983 -1992
FF10575	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Olney, John -- 1964
FF10576	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Olsen, Johan P. -- 1967 -1968
FF10577	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Olshavsky, Richard W. -- 1967 -1978
FF10578	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Olson, David R. -- 1971
FF10579	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Olson, Gary M. -- 1972-1993
FF10580	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Olson, Mancur Jr. -- 1963 -1999
FF10581	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Open University -- 1971
FF10582	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Operations Research -- 1955 - 1959
FF10583	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Operations Research Society of America (ORSA) -- 1953 -1974 
FF10584	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oppacher, Franz -- 1974
FF10585	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oppenheim, Felix -- 1953 -1956
FF10586	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oppenheimer, paul -- 1983 **Restricted File**
FF10587	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Orcutt, Guy H. -- 1951 -1960
FF10588	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ordnance Board, The -- 1957 -1961
FF10589	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Orear, Stanley T. -- 1955
FF10590	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oregon, University of -- 1957 -1984
FF10591	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Organizations -- 1957 -1979
FF10592	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Organization Science -- 1991
FF10593	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Orkin, Sidney -- 1939
FF10594	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ormsby, Ralph -- 1947
FF10595	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Orne, Martin T. -- 1975
FF10596	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ornstein, Severo M. -- 1971 -1973
FF10597	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- ORSA (Operations Research Society of America) -- 1957 -1961
FF10598	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- ORSA/TIMS -- 1974
FF10599	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Osaka University -- N.D.
FF10600	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Osgood, Charles E. -- 1963-1979
FF10601	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Osherson, Daniel -- 1977-1986
FF10602	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ostrom, Vincent -- N.D.
FF10603	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oswald, L.M. -- 1954
FF10604	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Otokpa, A.E. Ogaba, Jr. -- 1983
FF10605	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Over, R Dr. -- 1993
FF10606	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Overton, Richard K. -- 1965
FF10607	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Owens, Robert H. -- 1964
FF10608	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Oxford University Press, Inc. -- 1957, 1998
FF10609	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ozesmi, Uygar -- 1999
FF10610	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “O” -- 1966-1998
FF10611	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pabhu, Arvind N. -- 1963
FF10612	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pagano, Robert R. -- 1966 - 1967
FF10613	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pahkinen, E.J. -- 1965
 
Box 111 - Continued
FF10614	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pahl, Bernd -- 1970
FF10615	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Paige, Jeffrey -- 1963 - 1967
FF10616	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pair Family, The -- 1948
FF10617	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pakistan Administrative Staff College -- 1967
FF10618	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Palo Alto Unified School District -- 1969
FF10619	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Palyka, Duane -- 1967-1998 **Restricted File**
FF10620	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pan, Yunhe -- 1987 -1988
FF10621	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Panek, Nathalie E. -- 1955
FF10622	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Papandreou, Andreas G. -- 1954 -1964
FF10623	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Papert, Seymour -- 1967-1980
FF10624	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Parker-Holsman Company -- 1943 -1948
FF10625	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Parsons, Talcott -- 1955
FF10626	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pasternak, Guitta Pessis -- N.D.
FF10627	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Patel, Vimla -- 1995-2001
FF10628	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pather, Dhiraj -- 1993-2000 **Restricted File**
FF10629	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Patinkin, Don -- 1947
FF10630	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Patrick, Robert L. -- 1968 -1978
FF10631	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pattee, Howard H. -- 1969 - 1975
FF10632	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Patton (Parking Permit) -- 1958
FF10633	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Paul, C.J. -- 1994 **Restricted File**
FF10634	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Payne, John W. -- 1974 -1975
FF10635	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “Peace in Croatia” -- 1991-1992
FF10636	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pearl, Judea -- 1972-2000
FF10637	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pearson, E.S. -- 1956
FF10638	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Peckol, Jim -- 1982
FF10639	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Peel, Roy V. -- 1942
FF10640	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Peg, Don -- 1957
FF10641	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Peirani, Renaud -- 1963 -1964
FF10642	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Peitzsch, Fred C. -- 1961
FF10643	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pelikan, Pavel -- 1967
FF10644	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pelz, Donald C. -- 1967
FF10645	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Penberthy, Clyde H. -- 1965
FF10646	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pendse, C.G. -- 1949
FF10647	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Penguin Books -- 1966 -1967
FF10648	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pennock, Robert T. -- 1988-1991 **Restricted File**
FF10649	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pennock, Roland -- 1968
FF10650	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pennsylvania Association for the Blind -- 1953
FF10651	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pennsylvania Department of Public Instruction -- 1951
FF10652	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pennsylvania Library Association -- 1964 - 1965
 
Box 111 - Continued
FF10653	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pennsylvania Political Science and Public Administration Association -- 1954
FF10654	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pennsylvania Psychological Association -- 1984
FF10655	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pennsylvania Railroad Company, The -- 1964
FF10656	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pennsylvania Science Teachers Association --	1967
FF10657	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pennsylvania State University, The -- 1954-1972
FF10658	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pennsylvania, University of -- 1955 -1975
FF10659	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Penslian, B. -- 1950
FF10660	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Penzias, Arno A. -- 1979
FF10661	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Peres, Shimon -- 1987 -- 1988
FF10662	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Perfetti, Charles A. -- 1999
FF10663	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Perhacs, Carl -- 1956
FF10664	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Perlis, Alan J. -- 1961 -1978
FF10665	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Perloff, Harvey S. -- 1949 -1967
FF10666	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Perkins, Hugh V. -- 1956
FF10667	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Permissions -- 1971 -1978
FF10668	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Permissions -- 1978 -1982
FF10669	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Perroux, François -- 1958 -1959
FF10670	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Perrow, Charles -- 1969 -1971
FF10671	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Perry, Charner -- 1958
FF10672	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Personnel Club of New York -- 1964

Correspondence
Box 112

FF10673	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Peters, Jim -- 1978 -1992 
FF10674	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Petit, Thomas A. -- 1961 
FF10675	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Petroff, Shaya -- 1967   
FF10676	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Petroni, Angelo M. -- 1983-1996 
FF10677	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Peyton, Leo P. -- 1957 
FF10678	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pfefferkorn, Charles -- 1971 -1976
FF10679	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pfeifer, Rolf -- 1980-1992
FF10680	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pfiffner, John M. -- 1946 -1961
FF10681	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pfouts, Ralph W. -- 1980
FF10682	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Phi Beta Kappa -- 1950 -1963
FF10683	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Philadelphia, City of -- 1953 -1962 
FF10684	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Philco Corporation -- 1961
FF10685	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Phillips, Almarin -- 1955-1975
FF10686	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Phillips, H.J. -- 1950
FF10687	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Phillips, Michael -- 1972
FF10688	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Philips; N.V. Computer Industrie -- 1967 - 1968
 
Box 112 - Continued
FF10689	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Philosophy of Science -- 1959-1986
FF10690	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Philosophy of Science Association -- 1961
FF10691	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Philpot, N.E. -- 1955
FF10692	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Phoenix Insurance Co. -- 1949
FF10693	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Photoduplication Service (Harvard University) -- 1956
FF10694	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pick, Herbert L., Jr. -- 1991 - 1992
FF10695	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pikler, Andrew -- 1951 -1952 
FF10696	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pinheiro, Victor -- 1980-1998
FF10697	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Piore, E.R. -- 1975 -1980 
FF10698	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Piotrowski, Zygmunt A. -- 1964
FF10699	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pitrat, Jacques -- 1966-1994 **Restricted File**
FF10700	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pittsburgh, City of and School District of Pittsburgh -- 1988
FF10701	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pittsburgh Civic Unity Council -- 1950 -1951
FF10702	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pittsburgh Coke & Chemical Company -- 1957
FF10703	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pittsburgh Neuropsychiatric Society -- 1965 - 	1966
FF10704	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pittsburgh Public Schools -- 1966
FF10705	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pittsburgh, University of -- 1952 -1993 	**Restricted File**
FF10706	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pittsburgh, University of, Board of Visitors, 	Faculty of Arts and Sciences -- 1960-1994
FF10707	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pitz, Gordon -- 1967
FF10708	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pitzer, Kenneth S. -- 1971 -1979
FF10709	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pitzulo, Therese -- 1984 -1991
FF10710	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Plan for Hospital Care -- 1939 -1942
FF10711	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Platt, John R. -- 1956 -1967
FF10712	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Plenum -- 1974 
FF10713	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Plesset, Rosemary -- 1981
FF10714	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Podell, Lawrence -- 1955
FF10715	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pogossian, Edward -- 1975
FF10716	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pois, Joseph -- 1960
FF10717	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Police, International Association of Chiefs of -- 1965
FF10718	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Political Research Opportunities and Designs  -- 1956
FF10719	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Polson, Peter G. -- 1977 -1979
FF10720	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pondy, Louis R. -- 1959 -1963
FF10721	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pool, Ithiel de Sola -- 1953 -1958
FF10722	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pope, Robin -- 1988-2000
FF10723	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pople, Harry E. Jr.-- 1967-2000 
FF10724	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Poppel, Christian -- 1984
 
Box 112 - Continued
FF10725	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Population Action Council -- 1981
FF10726	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Porkhardt, Caroline S. -- 1987
FF10727	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Porsche, Jules D. -- 1956
FF10728	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Porter, Albert -- 1964
FF10729	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Porter, Bruce -- 1989-1993, 1998
FF10730	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Porter, Kirk H. -- 1956 -1957
FF10731	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Potter, Charles -- 1959
FF10732	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pottinger, Garrel -- 1974 -1977
FF10733	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pounds, Willliam F. -- 1963 -1969
FF10734	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Powers, Gary -- 1972 -1974
FF10735	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Prager, W. -- 1951 - 1962
FF10736	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Prais, S.J. -- 1972
FF10737	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pratt, Allan D. -- 1972
FF10738	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pratt, Hugh S. -- 1948
FF10739	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pratt, Jerry -- 1962 -1963
FF10740	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Prentice-Hall, Inc. -- 1949 -1998
FF10741	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Prescott, Edward C. -- 1976 -1983
FF10742	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Presidency, The Study of the College and University -- 1958
FF10743	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- President Magazine -- 1961
FF10744	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- 1969 -1971
FF10745	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Presthus, R. Vance -- 1953
FF10746	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Preston, Malcom S. -- 1965
FF10747	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pribram, Karl -- 1961
FF10748	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Price, Don K. -- 1950
FF10749	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Price, Douglas -- 1966 -1967
FF10750	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Prietula, Michael J.--  1987-1997
FF10751	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Princeton University -- 1952 -1992
FF10752	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Princeton University Pertaining to Vanuxem Lectures -- 1961-1962 
FF10753	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Princeton University Press -- 1956
FF10754	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Prins, D.J. -- 1962 -1971
FF10755	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pritchett, C. Herman -- 1954
FF10756	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Procter & Gamble Company, The -- 1958 - 1962
FF10757	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Project Mac, M.I.T. -- 1965 -1969
FF10758	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Prudential Insurance Company of America, The -- 1949 -1961
FF10759	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Przelecki, Marian -- 1974 -1975
FF10760	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Psychological Abstracts -- 1956
FF10761	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Psychological Bulletin -- 1980
FF10762	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Psychological Reports -- 1980 -1984
FF10763	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Psychological Review -- 1961-1986
FF10764	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Psychometric Corporation -- 1957
 
Box 112 - Continued
FF10765	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Psychometrika -- 1953-1984
FF10766	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Psychonomic Study [W.A. Ver Planck] -- 1960-1969
FF10767	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Public Administration Clearing House -- 1953
FF10768	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Public Administration Review -- 1964 -1979
FF10769	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Public Management -- 1943-1958
FF10770	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Public Opinion Quarterly -- 1954 -1956
FF10771	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Public Personnel Association -- 1957
FF10772	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Purdue University -- 1957 -1966
FF10773	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Purkey, William W. -- 1981
FF10774	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Pylyshyn, Zenon -- 1973-1992 **Restricted File**
FF10775	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “P” -- 1966-1999

Correspondence
Box 113

FF10776	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Qu, Yuan -- 1990
FF10777	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Quadrangle Club, The -- 1951
FF10778	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Quarterly of Applied Mathematics -- 1954 - 1968
FF10779	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Quarterly Review of Biology -- 1975
FF10780	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Quastler, Henry -- 1963
FF10781	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Queensland, University of -- 1959
FF10782	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Querbach, Edward E. -- 1957
FF10783	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Quillian, M. Ross -- 1960 -1982
FF10784	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Qvarnstrom & Forsberg -- 1987
FF10785	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Qvia Le monde canada inc. --1985
FF10786	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Qin, Yulin -- 1987 -1992
FF10787	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Qin, Yulin -- 1993 - 2000
FF10788	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Qu, Huanguang -- 1990
FF10789	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Quine, Willard -- 1962 -1977
FF10790	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Quinn, John R. -- 1961
FF10791	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Quiros, Jaime -- 1999
FF10792	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “R” -- 1957 - 2000
FF10793	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rabin, Jack -- 1991 -1992
FF10794	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Räcker, Rolf -- 1982 
FF10795	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Radner, Roy -- 1961 -1999 
FF10796	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Radway, Laurence J. -- 1954
FF10797	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rae, John -- 1981 -- 1985
FF10798	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rafuse, Robert W. -- 1956
FF10799	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ragone, David V. -- 1970 -1978
FF10800	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Raiffa, Howard -- 1964 -1988
FF10801	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ramanadham, V.V. -- 1963
FF10802	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ramesh B. -- 1980
FF10803	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ramesh, V.C. -- 1993 -1994
 
Box 113 - Continued
FF10804	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- RANDolph, Paul H. -- 1957
FF10805	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Random House, The -- 1961
FF10806	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rapoport, Anatol -- 1958, 1980 - 1981 
FF10807	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rappaport, Richard -- 1969 - 2000
FF10808	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rapping, Leonard A. -- 1980 -1984
FF10809	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rarick, Charles A. -- 1987
FF10810	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rath, R. John -- 1965 
FF10811	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rathe, Alex W. -- 1949
FF10812	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ratner, Sidney -- 1980
FF10813	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ratoosh, Philburn -- 1956 - 1961
FF10814	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ray, Wilbert S. -- 1957
FF10815	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Read, William -- 1954
FF10816	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ream, Norman J. -- 1959
FF10817	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reber, Paul -- 1990 -1993
FF10818	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “Recommendations” -- 2000 
FF10819	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reddy, Raj -- 1999 - 2001
FF10820	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reece, Ernest J. -- 1958 
FF10821	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reed, A. Lachlan -- 1956
FF10822	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reed College -- 1963
FF10823	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reed, Stephen K. -- 1973 - 1988 
FF10824	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reeker, Larry. -- 1973 -1999 
FF10825	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reichardt, Charles -- 1983
FF10826	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reichenbach, Hans -- 1952
FF10827	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reid, James M. -- 1949
FF10828	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- D. Reidel Publishing Company -- 1976 -1980
FF10829	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reider, Norman -- 1958
FF10830	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reif, Fred -- 1976 -- 1999
FF10831	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reiner, John -- 1951 - 1973
FF10832	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reining, Henry Jr. -- 1955
FF10833	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reinoud, H. -- 1956
FF10834	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reis, Franklin -- 1942 -1981
FF10835	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reiter, Stanley K. -- 1956
FF10836	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reitman, Walter -- 1960 -1980
FF10837	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reliance Steel Products Co. -- 1952
FF10838	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Remington RAND Inc. -- 1950
FF10839	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute -- 1961
FF10840	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rescher, Nicholas -- 1965 -1998
FF10841	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Research and Technical Programs Subcommittee of the Committee on Government Operations (Congress of the United States) -- 1966
FF10842	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Research Institute of Retail Industry and Distribution System -- 1979
FF10843	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reseubaum, Joseph -- 1955
FF10844	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Resnick, Lauren B. -- 1976 - 1981
FF10845	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Resnikoff, Howard L. -- 1980
 
Box 113 - Continued
FF10846	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Retail Research Institute -- 1962
FF10847	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Retschitzki, Jean -- 1978 - 1983
FF10848	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Revans, R.W. -- 1966 -1967
FF10849	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Review of Economic Studies, The -- 1952 -1965
FF10850	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Revlis, Russell -- 1970 -1975
FF10851	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reynolds, Martin L. -- 1980
FF10852	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reynolds, W.G. -- 1970 -1971 
FF10853	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Reynolds, William H. -- 1952 -1971
FF10854	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rhee, Philip Y. -- 1960 -1961
FF10855	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rhenman, Eric -- 1960
FF10856	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rhodes, Glennis O. -- 1953 -1954 
FF10857	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Riccardi, Riccardo -- 1956
FF10858	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rice, Carolyn -- 2000
FF10859	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rice, James O. Associaties -- 1959
FF10860	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rice University -- 1966 -1968
FF10861	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rich, Adrienne -- 1990
FF10862	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rich, Elaine -- 1976 -1991
FF10863	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Richardson, Bellows, Henry & Company, Inc. -- 	1956 -1961
FF10864	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Richardson, John M. Jr. -- 1969 -1973
FF10865	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Richardson, Stephen A. -- 1954 -1955
FF10866	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Richman, Barry -- 1962
FF10867	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Richman, Howard -- 1986 -1999
FF10868	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ridley, Clarence E. -- 1937 -1980
FF10869	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ridwan M. -- 2000
FF10870	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Riker, William -- 1956 -1983
FF10871	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rinehart & Company Incorporated -- 1950
FF10872	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ritter, Frank E. -- 1986 - 2000 
FF10873	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rizos, E. John -- 1957
FF10874	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rizzi, Jorge A. -- 1977 -1980
FF10875	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Roberts, Harry V. -- 1951 -1960
FF10876	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Roberts, John M. -- 1980
FF10877	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Roberts, Lawrence G. -- 1963
FF10878	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Robertson, Charlene -- 1975 -1976
FF10879	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Robertson, John H. -- 1993 - 1995
FF10880	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Robeson, Ensign C.R. -- 1956
FF10881	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Robinson, Herbert W. -- 1954
FF10882	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Robinson, Mitchell -- 1977 - 1985
FF10883	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Robinson, V.S. -- 1952
FF10884	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Roby, Thornton B. -- 1958 -1960
FF10885	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rochester, University of -- 1960
FF10886	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rockefeller, David -- 1971 -1972
FF10887	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rockefeller Foundation, The -- 1938 -1939
FF10888	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rockefeller University -- 1971 -1978
 
Box 113 - Continued
FF10889	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rockmarsh, Inc. --1951 
FF10890	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rodrigues, Carmen -- 1954
FF10891	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rogers, Timothy L. -- 1981 
FF10892	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rogow, Arnold A. -- 1956
FF10893	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rokeach, Milton -- 1965 
FF10894	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Roman, Dick -- 1962
FF10895	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Romani, John -- 1957
FF10896	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ronald Press Company, The -- 1962 
FF10897	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Roosevelt College -- 1950 
FF10898	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rose, Arnold M. -- 1953
FF10899	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rose, Edward -- 1955
FF10900	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosen, Sherwin -- 1981
FF10901	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosenberg, Herb -- 1949 -1955
FF10902	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosenberg, Marvin I. -- 1958
FF10903	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosenberg, Samuel -- N.D.

Box 114
Correspondence

FF10904	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosenberg, Steven T. -- 1971 - 1992, 1996
FF10905	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosenblatt, David -- 1952 - 1958
FF10906	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosenblith, Walter -- 1961
FF10907	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosenbloom, Michael H. -- 1976
FF10908	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosencranz, Allen -- 1949
FF10909	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosencranz, Dean -- 1976 -1979
FF10910	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosenthal, Albert M. -- 1968 -1978
FF10911	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosenthal, Howard -- N.D.
FF10912	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosenzweig, Kenneth -- 1978
FF10913	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosenzweig, Vladimir -- 1988
FF10914	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rosner, Jerome -- 1972 -- 1974 
FF10915	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ross, Charles C. -- 1950
FF10916	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ross, Leon T. -- 1981 
FF10917	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ross, R.R. -- 1950 -- 1951
FF10918	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rossi, Ernest L. -- 1981
FF10919	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rossi, Peter H. -- 1975
FF10920	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rossini, Frederick -- 1962 -1982
FF10921	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Roughgarden, Jeffrey D. -- 1982
FF10922	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Routley, Richard -- 1958 -1959 
FF10923	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rowe, Alan J. -- 1961 
FF10924	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Royal McBee Corporation -- 1955 
FF10925	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Royal Statistical Society -- 1954
FF10926	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rubenstein, Albert -- 1952 -1958
FF10927	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rubin, David -- 1994
FF10928	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rudner, Richard S. -- 1959 -1960
FF10929	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rudolf, J.J. Jr. -- 1951 -1953
FF10930	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Russell, BertRAND -- 1956 -1991 
 
Box 114 - Continued
FF10931	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Russell Sage Foundation - 1943
FF10932	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Russell & Thaler -- 1980
FF10933	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Russo, Jay E. -- 1972 - 1986
FF10934	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rutenberg, Y.H. -- 1961
FF10935	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rutledge, R.W. -- 1960 -1963
FF10936	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- R.W. Hosmer & Co. -- 1948
FF10937	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ryan, John M. -- 1953
FF10938	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Rybeck, Walter -- 1996
FF10939	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ryansiewicz, Robert -- 1980 -1984
FF10940	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Saariluoma, Pertti -- 1984 -1997  ** Restricted File **
FF10941	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sacks, Elisha P. -- 1989 -1999  ** Restricted File **
FF10942	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sagan, Carl -- 1975
FF10943	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sage Publications -- 1990 - 1992
FF10944	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Saha, Rakhal D. -- 1959
FF10945	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sahlstorms (booksellers) -- 1968 -1969
FF10946	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Saibel, Edward -- 1964 -- 1965
FF10947	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- St. Bonaventure University -- 1959
FF10948	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Salsman, James P. -- 1986 -- 1989
FF10949	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Saltzman, Irving J. -- 1983 -1984
FF10950	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Salveson, Melvin E. -- 1952 -1962
FF10951	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sammet, L.L. -- 1964
FF10952	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sampson, Geoffrey -- 1979, 2000
FF10953	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Samson, Richard W. -- 1965
FF10954	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Samuelson, Paul A. -- 1965 -1995
FF10955	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sanborn, G.R. -- 1954 -1955
FF10956	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sanchez, Marta -- 1995  ** Restricted File **
FF10957	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sanday, Peggy -- 1965 -1972
FF10958	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sandberg, John -- 1965 -1977
FF10959	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sandewall, Erik Dr. -- 1975
FF10960	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sandia Corporation -- 1954
FF10961	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sandkull, Bengt -- 1969
FF10962	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sands, Nathan J. -- 1962
FF10963	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sanford, Nevitt -- 1962
FF10964	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- San Francisco Tuberculosis Association -- 1951
FF10965	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sangyo University -- 1976
FF10966	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sappington, John -- 1975  ** Restricted File **
FF10967	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sarni, Vincent A. -- 1992 
FF10968	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “Satisfice” -- 1978 -1983 
FF10969	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sato, Takashi -- 1972
FF10970	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Satterthwaite, F.E. -- 1954
FF10971	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sauermann, Heinz -- 1963
 
Box 114 - Continued
FF10972	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Savageau, Michael A. -- 1980
FF10973	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Saxby, Eugene P. -- 1957
FF10974	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Saxholm, R. -- 1955
FF10975	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sayre, Wallace -- 1947 -1967
FF10976	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Scandura, Joseph M. -- 1972 - 1980
FF10977	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Scarf, Herbert -- 1961
FF10978	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schaffer, Wendell G. -- 1961
FF10979	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schaffner, Kenneth F. -- 1984 -1990  ** Restricted File **
FF10980	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schaible, James A. -- 1968
FF10981	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schaller, Beat -- 1987 -1988
FF10982	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schank, Roger C. -- 1971 -1989
FF10983	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schatz, Ed -- 1966
FF10984	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Scheel, H.J.R. -- 1956 - 1957
FF10985	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schenkman, Alfred S. -- 1961
FF10986	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schenley Park Centennial Committee -- 1988
FF10987	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schenley Park Golf Course -- 1992 - 1996
FF10988	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schick, F.B. -- 1950 -1951
FF10989	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schlaifer, Robert -- 1950
FF10990	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schlueter, Ray & Belle -- 1969 -1970 
FF10991	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schmidt, Carl -- 1947
FF10992	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schmiot, Franz -- 1955
FF10993	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schmitt, Leo -- 1942
FF10994	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schmölders, Günter -- 1978
FF10995	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schnelle, Wolfgang -- 1966
FF10996	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schock, Rolf B. -- 1963
FF10997	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schoeffler, Sidney -- 1957
FF10998	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schoemaker, Paul -- 1977 -1982
FF10999	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schoenfeldt, Lyle F. -- 1984
FF11000	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- School of Foreign Affairs (Department of State) --1957
FF11001	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schriver, Karen A. -- 1991  ** Restricted File **
FF11002	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schroder, Kathe -- 1969
FF11003	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schultz, Andrew Jr. -- 1953
FF11004	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schultz, Theodore W. -- 1954
FF11005	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schultz, William C. -- 1953
FF11006	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schumacher, Dorin -- 1971
FF11007	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schunn, Christian -- 1991 -1994  ** Restricted File **
FF11008	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schurr, Sam H. -- 1950 - 1982
FF11009	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schutte, William M. -- 1957
FF11010	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schwartz, Allen -- 1963
FF11011	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schwartz, Hugh -- 1984
FF11012	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schwartz, Narda L. -- 1966 -1967
 
Box 114 - Continued
FF11013	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Schwartz, Richard D. -- 1960 -1961
FF11014	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Science -- 1960 -1961
FF11015	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Scientific Monthly, The -- 1953
FF11016	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sciffo, Carla -- 1954
FF11017	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Scire, Helen G. -- 1964
FF11018	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Scofield, Robert W. -- 1966
FF11019	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Scott, Dana -- 1981 -- 1995
FF11020	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Scott, Lisa A. -- 1994 -1995  ** Restricted File **
FF11021	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Scott Paper Company -- 1959
FF11022	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Scoville, Harry F. -- 1961
FF11023	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Scripps Institution of Oceanography -- 1962
FF11024	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Scriven, Michael -- 1966 -1989
FF11025	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Searl, Milton -- 1948
FF11026	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sears, Robert R. -- 1953
FF11027	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Seashore, Stanley E. -- 1955
FF11028	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Seaton, S.L. -- 1961
FF11029	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Secondary Schools -- 1964
FF11030	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Second Berkeley Symposium on Mathematical Statistics and Probability -- 1950
FF11031	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sedlacek, Jerry A. -- 1963
FF11032	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Seebohm, Hans-Bernard -- 1970
FF11033	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Seeger, Edwin W. -- 1949
FF11034	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Seeley, John R. -- 1955
FF11035	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Seeman, Melvin -- 1960 -1961
FF11036	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Seigworth, Kenneth J. -- 1946 -1948
FF11037	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Selective Services System (Local Board No. 68) 1941 -1945
FF11038	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Selfridge, Oliver -- 1963
FF11039	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Selten, Reinhardt -- 1997 -1999
FF11040	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Seltzer, Lawrence H. -- 1962
FF11041	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Selvin, Hanan C. -- 1955 -1975
FF11042	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Selznick, Philip -- 1952 -1954
FF11043	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Semeonoff, B. -- 1960
FF11044	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sen, Amartya -- 1989 -1998
FF11045	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Senior Officers’ Course (Department of State) -- 1958
FF11046	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Servan-Schreiber, David -- 1989 - 2000
FF11047	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Servan-Schreiber, Edouard -- 1991
FF11048	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Servan-Schreiber, Emile -- 1989 -1998
FF11049	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Servan-Schreiber, Jean-Jacques -- 1984 - 1991
FF11050	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Seskin, Eugene P. -- 1970 - 1974
FF11051	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sethi, S.S. -- 1970
 
Box 114 - Continued
FF11052	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sethi, Suresh -- 1996 - 2001  ** Restricted File **
FF11053	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sewell, William H. -- 1975-1980
FF11054	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sexton, William C. -- 1969
FF11055	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shafer, Glenn -- 1987 -1989
FF11056	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shallenberger, John -- 1960
FF11057	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shannon, Claude -- 1953 -1956
FF11058	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shapira, Zur -- 1980
FF11059	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shapiro, Harry H. -- 1947
FF11060	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shapiro, H.L. -- 1959
FF11061	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shapiro, Milton -- 1959
FF11062	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shapiro, Morton -- 1951
FF11063	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shappy, Raymond A. -- 1963 -1964
FF11064	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sharp, Fred W. -- 1942 -1944
FF11065	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shaver, Phillip -- 1972
FF11066	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shaw, Cliff -- 1988 -1991
FF11067	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shaw, John C. -- 1956

Box 115
Correspondence

FF11068	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shea, Neil -- 1958 -1959
FF11069	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shearson, Hammill and Co. -- 1942
FF11070	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sheed, Joseph D. -- 1972 - 1987
FF11071	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shellow, Robert -- 1971 
FF11072	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shelton, John P. -- 1975 - 1978
FF11073	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shen, Wei-Min -- 1983 - 2000
FF11074	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shenoy, Uday V. -- 1999
FF11075	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shepard, Herbert A. -- 1955
FF11076	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shepard, Roger N. -- 1959
FF11077	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shepard, Ronald W. -- 1943 -1957
FF11078	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sherwood, Frank P. -- 1956
FF11079	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shils, Edward -- 1953 -- 1954
FF11080	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shimm, Melvin G. -- 1960
FF11081	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shipton, James M. -- 1956 
FF11082	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shocker, Allan D. -- 1963 - 1965
FF11083	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shoemaker, Kenneth -- 1958
FF11084	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shoffner, Ralph -- 1961 -1964
FF11085	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Short, Lloyd M. -- 1954
FF11086	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shoup, Carl S. -- 1957

FF11087	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shrager, Jeff -- 1982 - 2000  ** Restricted File **
FF11088	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shubik, Martin -- 1954 -1963
FF11089	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shuler, Kurt E. -- 1968 -1976
FF11090	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shull, Fremont A. -- 1967
 
Box 115 - Continued
FF11091	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shumate, Roger V. -- 1941
FF11092	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shurcliff, Alice W. -- 1991
FF11093	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Shure, Gerald -- 1975
FF11094	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sibley, Elbridge -- 1976
FF11095	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sibley, Robert A. Jr. -- 1959
FF11096	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sieg, Wilfried -- 1986 -1999  ** Restricted File **
FF11097	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Siegfried, Tom -- 1986
FF11098	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- SICART -- 1967 -1968
FF11099	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sigma Xi, The Scientific Research Society -- 1973 -1999
FF11100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Siklossy, Laurent -- 1968 -1983  ** Restricted File **
FF11101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Siklossy, Laurent -- 1984 - 2000  ** Restricted File **
FF11102	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Silk, Leonard -- 1964 -1986
FF11103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Silveira, Antonio M. -- 1989 -1990
FF11104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simmons-Boardman Books -- 1962
FF11105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simon, Arthur -- 1940 -1948
FF11106	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simon, Barbara -- 1967 -1977
FF11107	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simon, Clarence J. -- 1944 -1974
FF11108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simon, Dorothea P. -- 1953 -1988
FF11109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simon, Edna (Mrs. Arthur Simon) -- 1948 - 1968
FF11110	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simon, Evan -- 1996
FF11111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simon, Katherine (Mrs. David Frank) -- 1966 - 1994
FF11112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simon, Marg -- 1962 -1969
FF11113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simon, Peter -- 1959 -1981
FF11114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simon, Tom -- 1986 -1987  ** Restricted File
FF11115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simmons, Robert F. -- 1969
FF11116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simonds, Rollin H. -- 1952
FF11117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Simpson, William B. (Cowles Commission) --1949 -1951 
FF11118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Singer, Frank A. -- 1965
FF11119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Singer, Murray -- 1972 -1977
FF11120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sinha, Ashish -- 1999
FF11121	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sirovich, Franco -- 1973 -1979
FF11122	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Siroyezhin, Ivan -- 1964
FF11123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sisson, Mary L. -- 1939
FF11124	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Skalka, Christian -- 1994 -1999  ** Restricted File **
FF11125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Skinner, Burrhus Frederic (BF)-- 1958 -1979
FF11126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Skyrms, Brian -- 1961 -1968
 
Box 115 - Continued
FF11127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Slagle, James R. -- 1964 -1978
FF11128	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sloan Foundation -- 1970 -1994
FF11129	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, A.A. -- 1953
FF11130	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Anthony J. -- 1953
FF11131	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Barry W. -- 1968 -1974
FF11132	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Edward E. -- 1986
FF11133	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Elliott Dunlap -- 1955 - 1964
FF11134	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, H.E. -- 1962
FF11135	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Jeff -- N.D.
FF11136	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Lyman J. -- 1962
FF11137	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Paul -- 1986
FF11138	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Richard -- 1989  ** Restricted File **
FF11139	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Roulette W. -- 1975
FF11140	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Sam V. -- 1963
FF11141	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Sue -- 1984 -1988  ** Restricted File ** 
FF11142	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Theodore H. -- 1959
FF11143	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Vernon -- 1987 -1992
FF11144	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, Wayland P. -- 1959
FF11145	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smith, William G. -- 1953 
FF11146	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smithburg, Donald W. -- 1946 -1978
FF11147	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smithies, Arthur -- 1950
FF11148	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smithsonian Institution -- 1973 -1979
FF11149	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smithsonian Institution-Lecture Series: Biological Hierarchies: Their Origin and Dynamics -- 1967
FF11150	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smoliar, Stephen W.-Project MAC -- 1971 - 1973
FF11151	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smrcka, Jaroslav -- 1975
FF11152	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Smoke, Martin L. -- 1956
FF11153	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sneed, Joseph D. -- 1972 -1987
FF11154	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Snoke, Martin -- 1956
FF11155	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Snyder, Douglas M. -- 1986
FF11156	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Snyder, Elizabeth -- 1970 -1977
FF11157	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Social Science Quotations -- 1988
FF11158	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Social Science Research Council -- 1937 - 1979
FF11159	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Society for Advancement of Management -- 1950 -1964
FF11160	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Society for Applied Anthropology, The -- 1951
FF11161	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics -- 1954
FF11162	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Society of Fellows -- 1963
FF11163	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sociological Abstracts -- 1964
FF11164	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sociological Methodology -- 1969
 
Box 115 - Continued
FF11165	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sociometry -- 1955 -1978

Box 116
Correspondence

FF11166	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Soelberg, Peer -- 1962 -1967
FF11167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Solheim, Jan-Erik -- 1988-2000
FF11168	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Soliman, Hanafi M. -- 1968
FF11169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Solomon, Konrad, Lui Sieh, and Bryan Wu --	1991
FF11170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Solverson, Rovert -- 1947
FF11171	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Solow, Robert -- 1953 -1979
FF11172	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Soloway, Elliot -- 1987 
FF11173	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Solso, Robert L.  1989
FF11174	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Soltan, Jerzy -- 1967
FF11175	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Somers, Gerald -- 1967 -1968
FF11176	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sondel, Bess -- 1958
FF11177	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Song, Byung-Nak -- 1997
FF11178	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- South Hills Ornamental Iron Co. -- 1954
FF11179	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- South Side Planning Board -- 1947
FF11180	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- South-Western Publishing Co. -- 1956
FF11181	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Southern California, University of -- 1960
FF11182	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Spann, Richard N. -- 1962
FF11183	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Spector, Arlen -- 1986
FF11184	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Speer, George S. -- 1970
FF11185	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Speier, Hans -- 1949
FF11186	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Spengler, Joseph J. -- 1955 -1957
FF11187	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Spetner, L.M. -- 1965
FF11188	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Spiro, Herbert J. -- 1957 -1959
FF11189	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sproull, Lee -- 1985-1986
FF11190	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Staats, Elmer B. -- 1971
FF11191	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stacey, Martin -- 1984-1991
FF11192	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stafford, Frank -- N.D. 
FF11193	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stagner, Ross -- 1963
FF11194	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stainbrook, Elizabeth S. -- 1945
FF11195	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Standard Oil Company -- 1958 -1959
FF11196	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Standish, Tim -- 1974 - 1978
FF11197	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stanford University -- 1958 - 1960
FF11198	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stanley, Autumn -- 1984
FF11199	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Starbuck, William -- 1960
FF11200	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stark, Stanley -- 1960 -1978
FF11201	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Starr, Leonard -- 1957
FF11202	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Staszewski, Jim -- 1986-2001  **Restricted File**
FF11203	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Staton, Donnell J. -- 1964
FF11204	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Staudt, David T. -- 1951
 
Box 116 - Continued
FF11205	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Staudinger, Hans -- 1964
FF11206	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stearns, Peter -- 1993
FF11207	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stedry, Andy -- 1967
FF11208	imon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Steel -- 1965
FF11209	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stefflre, Volney -- N.D. 
FF11210	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Steffrud, Einer -- 1966 -1971
FF11211	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Steier, David -- 1986-1993 **Restricted File**
FF11212	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stein, Harold -- 1954
FF11213	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stein, James H. -- 1966
FF11214	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stein, Morris I. -- 1955
FF11215	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Steinberg, Erwin -- 1960-1995
FF11216	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Steiner, Gary A. -- 1960
FF11217	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Steiner, George A. -- 1957
FF11218	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Steiner, Herbert R. -- 1954
FF11219	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Steiner, Philip -- 1953 - 1954
FF11220	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Steinkamp, Stanley W. -- 1964
FF11221	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stelzer, John -- 1975
FF11222	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stemberger, Joseph P. -- 1982
FF11223	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stene, Edwin O. -- 1944
FF11224	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stephen, Frederick F. -- 1951 -1954
FF11225	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stephenson, Robert W. -- 1960
FF11226	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sterling Publishing Company, Inc. -- 1958
FF11227	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sterman, John -- 1988-1993
FF11228	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stern, David H. -- 1958
FF11229	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stern, Frederick -- 1953 -1963
FF11230	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stern, Paul C. -- 1995-2001
FF11231	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sternberg, Eli -- 1970 -1979
FF11232	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sternberg, Robert -- 1972-1997 **Restricted File**
FF11233	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sternlieb, George -- 1972
FF11234	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stevens, Carl M. -- 1953
FF11235	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stevens, Chandler H. -- 1963 -- 1964
FF11236	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stevens, Herbert Jr. -- 1961 -1970
FF11237	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stevens, S.S. -- 1956
FF11238	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stevenson, Harold -- 1982-1997
FF11239	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stevenson, Rex -- 1949
FF11240	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stevenson, William J. -- 1954
FF11241	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stever, H. Guyford -- 1966
FF11242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Steward, Donald -- 1961
FF11243	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stewart, W.B. -- 1954
FF11244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sticht, Thomas G. -- 1974
FF11245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stickel, Mark -- 1977 -1978
FF11246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stinchcombe, Arthur L. -- 1959
FF11247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stingel, Donald E. -- 1978 -1979
 
Box 116 - Continued
FF11248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stirling, University of -- 1973
FF11249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- The Stockbridge School -- 1962
FF11250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stocking, George W. -- 1953
FF11251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stoetzel, Antoine -- 1968
FF11252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stolurow, Lawrence M. -- 1968
FF11253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stone, Donald C. -- 1957 -1960
FF11254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stone, Peter -- 1996-1998
FF11255	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stone, Philip J. -- 1963 -1968
FF11256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stonesifer, Joseph N. -- 1970
FF11257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Storing, Herbert J. -- 1958 -1961
FF11258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stouffer, Samuel A. -- 1957
FF11259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stovall, J.R. Jr. -- 1953
FF11260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Strauss, Bert -- 1949
FF11261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Strauss, George -- 1967 
FF11262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Strauss, Monica -- 1985-1993
FF11263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Strauss, Robert -- 1979-1997
FF11264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Strickland, Harold, Jr. -- 1960
FF11265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Strodbeck, Fred -- 1955 -1957
FF11266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stromberg, Lennart -- 1958 - 1959
FF11267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Strong, Donald S. -- 1957
FF11268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Strong, Earl -- 1959 -1960
FF11269	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Strong, F.D. -- 1953
FF11270	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Strotz, Robert H. -- 1953 -1970
FF11271	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stryker, Clinton E. -- 1949
FF11272	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Students for Democratic Action -- 1947
FF11273	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Studia Filozoficzne -- 1959
FF11274	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stuit, Dewey B. -- 1958
FF11275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stupakoff Ceramic & Manufacturing Company --1953
FF11276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Stymne, Bengt -- 1968 -1979
FF11277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Subbarayan, A.  1989
FF11278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Suh, Nam Won -- 1959
FF11279	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Suits, Evan -- 1969
FF11280	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd. -- 1969 
FF11281	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Summer, Charles E. Jr. -- 1956
FF11282	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Summerfield, Arthur -- 1984
FF11283	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Summerfield, John R. -- 1951
FF11284	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sumner, Richard K. -- 1966 -1968
FF11285	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sundberg, Johan -- 1973
FF11286	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sundquist, Julie -- 1982
FF11287	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sundquist, Sven-Ivan  --1969-1984
FF11288	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Suppes, Pat -- 1955 -1962 
FF11289	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe -- 1964 -1966
FF11290	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Surface, James R. -- 1982
 
Box 116 - Continued
FF11291	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sussmann, Bernard J. -- 1960
FF11292	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sutherland, N.S. -- 1970
FF11293	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sutton, Francis X. -- 1959
FF11294	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sutton, John -- 1998-1999
FF11295	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Suzuki, Eiji -- 1970 -1973
FF11296	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Suzuki, Toshio -- 1970 -1972
FF11297	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Svensson, Claes -- 1975 -1978
FF11298	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Swann Odorless Cleaners, Inc. -- 1953 
FF11299	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Swedish Collegium for Advanced Study in the Social Sciences -- 1991
FF11300	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sweeney, Richard J. -- 1955 -1956 
FF11301	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Sweller, John -- 1980 -1993  **Restricted File**
FF11302	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Swift and Company -- 1949 -1961
FF11303	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Swinth, Robert L. -- 1967
FF11304	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Synthese -- 1970
FF11305	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Syracuse University -- 1951 -1972
FF11306	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- System Development Corporation -- 1960 - 1961
FF11307	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Szenberg, Michael -- 1984-1991
FF11308	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “S” Folder 1 of 6 -- 1966-2001
FF11309	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “S” Folder 2 of 6 -- 1966-2001

Box 117
Correspondence

FF11310	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “S” Folder 3 of 6 -- 1966-2001
FF11311	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “S” Folder 4 of 6 -- 1966-2001
FF11312	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “S” Folder 5 of 6 -- 1966-2001
FF11313	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “S” Folder 6 of 6 -- 1966-2001
FF11314	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taafe, Natalie D. -- 1999
FF11315	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tabachneck, Hermina -- 1989-1991 **Restricted File**
FF11316	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tabachneck, Hermina -- 1992  **Restricted File**
FF11317	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tabachneck, Hermina -- 1993-2000
FF11318	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tagiuri, Renato -- 1956 
FF11319	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taillieu, Tharsi -- 1973
FF11320	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taka, Iwao -- 1990-1992
FF11321	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Takahashi, Etsuko -- 1994
FF11322	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Takamiya, Osamu -- 1986-1988
FF11323	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Takamiya, Susumu -- 1972-1992
FF11324	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Takayanagi, Satoru -- 1969 -1972
FF11325	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Talavage, Joseph -- 1975
FF11326	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tanaka, Toshiya -- 1996
FF11327	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tanaka, Toshiya -- 1997
 
Box 117 - Continued
FF11328	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tanaka, Toshiya -- 1998
FF11329	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tanaka, Toshiya -- 2000
FF11330	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tang, Fang-Fang -- 1990
FF11331	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tannenbaum, Robert -- 1950 -1962
FF11332	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tape, Gerald F. -- 1970
FF11333	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taraban, Roman -- 1984-1986
FF11334	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taraban, Roman -- 1987-1989
FF11335	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tardos, M. -- 1969
FF11336	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tarski, Alfred -- 1957 -1963
FF11337	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- TATA Institue of Fundamental Research -- 1969 -1973
FF11338	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tate. Austin -- 1998
FF11339	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tatum, John P.  1968
FF11340	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taueber, Conrad -- 1962
FF11341	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taulbee, O.E. -- 1964
FF11342	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tavarez-Mora, Manuel -- 1998-1999
FF11343	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taylor, Bernard -- 1970 -1971
FF11344	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taylor, Brown -- 1985
FF11345	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taylor, Donald W. -- 1958 -1968
FF11346	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taylor, Edwin F. -- 1987
FF11347	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taylor, Meg -- 1978
FF11348	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Taylor, Roy C. -- 1980
FF11349	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association --1945 - 1949
FF11350	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tead, Orway -- 1951
FF11351	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Teager, Herbert M. -- 1964
FF11352	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Teasdale, Robert D. -- N.D.
FF11353	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Technical Operations Incorporated -- 1960
FF11354	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Television Bureau of Advertising, Inc. -- 1962 
FF11355	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Teller, Astro -- 1998
FF11356	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Temple University -- 1960 
FF11357	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tennessee Valley Authority -- 1955
FF11358	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tenney, Bentley, Guthrie & Howell -- 1965
FF11359	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Terhune, James G. -- 1971
FF11360	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Terkelson, Kevin J. -- 1999
FF11361	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Terrace, Herb -- 1999
FF11362	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Terrill, Thomas S. -- 1983
FF11363	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tesar, Delbert -- 1990
FF11364	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tessman, Irwin -- 1991
FF11365	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Teuber, Hans-Lukas -- 1953
FF11366	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Texas A&M University -- 1971-1994
FF11367	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Texas, University of -- 1960-1974
FF11368	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thacker, Gerald -- 1977
FF11369	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thackray, Arnold -- 1985-1989
FF11370	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thagard, Paul -- 1985
 
Box 117 - Continued
FF11371	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thakker, Umesh -- 1993
FF11372	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thayer, Lee -- 1964
FF11373	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thayer, Ralph I. -- 1956
FF11374	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Theil, Henri -- 1955 - 1978
FF11375	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Therrien, Joseph -- 1959
FF11376	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Theug - Yuan, Fu -- N.D.
FF11377	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Third International Congress for Logic, Methodology and Philosophy of Science -- 1967
FF11378	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thirlby, G.F. -- 1950 - 1971
FF11379	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thistlethwaite, Frank -- 1965
FF11380	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thoenig, Jean-Claude -- 1966 
FF11381	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thomas, James D. -- 1996
FF11382	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thomas, Lewis -- 1980
FF11383	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thomas-Taft, Marilyn, -- 1985-1995
FF11384	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thomas, Morgan -- 1955
FF11385	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thomas, Oliver R. -- 1969 
FF11386	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thomas, Shirley -- 1963
FF11387	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thompson, Howard A. -- 1962 -1963 
FF11388	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thompson, James D. -- 1954 - 1967
FF11389	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thompson, Kenneth W. -- 1955
FF11390	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thompson, Loring M. -- 1958
FF11391	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thompson, Manley -- 1952-1990
FF11392	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thompson, Richard F. -- 1977
FF11393	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thompson, Ross -- 1987-1989
FF11394	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thompson, Stephan O. -- 1978
FF11395	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thompson, Victor A. -- 1949 -- 1966 
FF11396	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thomson, Charles A.H. -- 1955
FF11397	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thore, Sten -- 1972
FF11398	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thorelli, Hans -- 1985 -- 1986
FF11399	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thorndyke, Perry W. -- 1971 -1984
FF11400	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thornton, B.S. -- 1978
FF11401	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thrall, R.M. -- 1952 -- 1956
FF11402	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Thurow, Lester -- 1983 
FF11403	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tibbitts, Helen G. -- 1961
FF11404	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tikhomirov, Oleg -- 1971
FF11405	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tilly, Charles -- 1981
FF11406	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Time -- 1960, 1978
FF11407	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tinberger, J. -- 1978
FF11408	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ting, Yen -- 1982, 1984-1985 
FF11409	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tinker, A.M. -- 1974
FF11410	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tintner, Gerhard -- 1957 - 1958
FF11411	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Titiev, Robert J. -- 1976
FF11412	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tobin, James -- 1956-1993 
FF11413	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Toda, Masanao -- 1983 
FF11414	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tolkowsky, Brigadier D. -- 1955
 
Box 117 - Continued
FF11415	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tomeski, Edward A. -- 1963
FF11416	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tompkins, J.K. -- 1959
FF11417	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tompkins, Phillip K. -- 1981
FF11418	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tomita, Marasu -- 1981-2000
FF11419	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tonge, Frederick M. Jr. -- 1962
FF11420	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Toor, Herbert -- 1979
FF11421	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Torgerson, Douglas -- 1991
FF11422	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Toronto, University of -- 1959
FF11423	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Torrington Company, The -- 1956
FF11424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Touchet, Roye -- 1949
FF11425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tougaloo College -- 1964
FF11426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Towl, Andrew R. -- 1955 -1957
FF11427	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Townes, Charles E. -- 1980-1993
FF11428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Townes, Charles H. -- 1984
FF11429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Toyo Koatsu Industries, Inc. -- 1964
FF11430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Trabasso, Tom -- 1973
FF11431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Trahair, Richard -- 1993
FF11432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Train, Russell E. -- 1981
FF11433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tramel, Jim -- 1958
FF11434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Transaction -- 1980
FF11435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Trans-Canada Airlines -- 1957
FF11436	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Trask, Harold V. -- 1955
FF11437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Traub, J.F. -- 1974-2000
FF11438	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Trautman, DeForest L. -- 1954-1966
FF11439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Travis, Larry -- 1964
FF11440	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Trecker, Harleigh B. -- 1961
FF11441	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Trow, Donald B. -- 1954 -1960 
FF11442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Troxel, Samuel H. Jr. -- 1956
FF11443	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Truman, David -- 1952 - 1962
FF11444	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Trump, Tom -- 1977-1985
FF11445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Truxal, John G. -- 1963
FF11446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tsuchiya, Moriaki -- 1970
FF11447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tucker, A.W. -- 1950 -1955
FF11448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tucker, Ken -- 1974
FF11449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Corespondence -- Tucker, Ralph W. -- 1982
FF11450	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tuggle, Francis D. -- 1967-1990
FF11451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tukey, John W. -- 1953 - 1971 
FF11452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tulane University -- 1957 -1977
FF11453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tuomela, Raimo -- 1968-1975
FF11454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Turkdogan, Timur -- 1995
FF11455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Turner, H.S. -- 1961
FF11456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Turner, Mark -- 1994
FF11457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Turner, Ralph H. -- 1966
FF11458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Turney, Peter -- 1988-1989
 
Box 117 - Continued
FF11459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tuttle, Heath -- 1976
FF11460	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tweney, Ryan D. -- 1985-1997 
FF11461	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tybout, Richard A. -- 1957 -1962
FF11462	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tyler, Edward A. -- 1966 -1968
FF11463	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tyler, Ralph W. -- 1947 -1958
FF11464	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tyson, Francis -- 1956 -1957
FF11465	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Tzeng, Ozid -- 1984 
FF11466	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Uberoi, Mahinder S. -- 1966
FF11467	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Udy, Stanley H. Jr. -- 1962
FF11468	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ueckert, Hans -- 1974 -1984
FF11469	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ueno, Ichiro -- 1977 -1979
FF11470	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ueno Kaisei Hotel -- 1972
FF11471	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Uhlenbusch, Leonore E. -- 1986
FF11472	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Uhr, Leonard -- 1964-1978
FF11473	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Umemura, Kiyohiro -- 1994 

Box  118
Correspondence

FF11474	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Underwood, Benton J. -- 1957 -1963
FF11475	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- UNESCO (United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization) Dictionary of the Social Sciences -- 1958 -1964
FF11476	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Union of Concerned Scientists -- 1982-1992
FF11477	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority --	1966
FF11478	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United Kingdom Scientific Mission -- 1950
FF11479	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United Nations Association -- 1985
FF11480	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United Nations Development Program -- 1973 -1974
FF11481	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) -- 1959
FF11482	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Agency for International Development -- 1980
FF11483	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Armed Forces, Industrial College of the Armed Forces -- 1964 -1965 
FF11484	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Armed Forces, Office of the Director of Defense Research and Engineering -- 1971
FF11485	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Army -- 1960-1974
FF11486	Simon, Herbert A. -- Corresponcence -- United States Atomic Energy Commission -- 1956 -1958
FF11487	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Civil Service Commision -- 1940 - 1967
FF11488	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Department of Agriculture -- 1952
FF11489	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Department of Commerce -- 1956 -1982 
 
Box 118 - Continued
FF11490	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Department of the Interior -- 1967
FF11491	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Department of Labor -- 1968
FF11492	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Embassy-London -- 1970
FF11493	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States General Accounting Office -- 1971
FF11494	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Geological Survey -- 1934 -1949
FF11495	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Information Agency -- 1958
FF11496	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission -- 1980
FF11497	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Operations Mission to Peru -- 1962
FF11498	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Post Office -- 1967
FF11499	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Public Health Service -- 1951-1957
FF11500	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Secret Service -- 1970
FF11501	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- United States Steel Corporation -- 1953 -1978
FF11502	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- University Club -- 1983-1984 
FF11503	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- University National Bank -- 1949
FF11504	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Upadhyaya, Jitendra -- 1976 
FF11505	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ur, Shmuel -- N.D. 
FF11506	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ura, Shoji -- 1971 -1978
FF11507	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Urban League of Pittsburgh -- 1953
FF11508	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Urban Redevelopment Study -- 1949 -1951
FF11509	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- U.S. Naval Postgraduate School -- 1947
FF11510	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- U.S. News and World Report -- 1982
FF11511	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Utah State University -- 1988 
FF11512	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Utah, University of -- 1985-1986 
FF11513	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vachon, P. David -- 1961 
FF11514	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Valderrabano, J.L. -- 1973-1991
FF11515	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vallee, Robert -- 1984
FF11516	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Ark, Gordon -- 1955
FF11517	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Blarigan, H. -- 1953
FF11518	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Bockstaele, J. -- 1960 -1965
FF11519	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Den Brack, Paul -- 1997 
FF11520	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Dyke, Julie -- 1985
FF11521	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Horn, Richard -- 1973 -1983
FF11522	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Kirk, R. R. -- 1945
FF11523	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- VanLehn, Kurt -- 1985-1997
FF11524	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Mook, H.J. -- 1954
FF11525	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Nort, Leighton -- 1955
FF11526	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van NostRAND and Company -- 1964
FF11527	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Praag, Professor -- 2000
 
Box 118 - Continued
FF11528	Simon, Hervert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Trier, Th. M. -- 1981
FF11529	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Wagenen, R.W. -- 1951-1992
FF11530	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Van Wormer, Theodore A. -- 1961 -1965
FF11531	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vandenberg, Steven G. -- 1962 -1963
FF11532	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vantilborgh, H. -- 1981
FF11533	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vari, Anna -- 1975
FF11534	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Varma, Sashank -- 1987
FF11535	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vaughan, Margery -- 1971
FF11536	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vazsonyi, Andrew -- 1962 - 2000
FF11537	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vendin, Bengt-Arne -- 1981 -1982
FF11538	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Velikovsy, I. -- 1965
FF11539	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Veloso, Mauela -- 1990-2000
FF11540	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vena, Dante -- 1971
FF11541	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Venezuela, University of -- 1962 
FF11542	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Venkitaramanan, S. -- 1966
FF11543	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vepsalainen, Ari -- 1978 -1983
FF11544	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vera, Alonso -- 1995
FF11545	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Verba, Sidney -- 1957
FF11546	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Verhulst, Michel -- 1955
FF11547	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Verwey, F.A. -- 1958
FF11548	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Veterans Administration -- N.D.
FF11549	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Viale, Ricardo -- 1996, 1998 
FF11550	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vicente, Kim -- 1997
FF11551	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vickers, Sir Geoffrey -- 1965 -1971
FF11552	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vickery, Arthur J. -- 1951
FF11553	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vidal, Pascal -- 1999
FF11554	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vieg, John A. -- 1944
FF11555	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vietnam War (George) -- 1967
FF11556	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vijayalakshmi, B. -- 1985
FF11557	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Villa, Evelina -- 1985
FF11558	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vining, Daniel R. -- 1975 -1984
FF11559	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vining, Rutledge -- 1963 -1985
FF11560	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Virenque, P.H. -- 1958
FF11561	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Virginia Polytechnic Institute -- 1965
FF11562	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Virginia, University Center of -- 1972 -1977
FF11563	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Virginia, University of -- 1961
FF11564	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vitz, Paul C. -- 1971 -1973
FF11565	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vlaich, George -- 1954
FF11566	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Voegelin, Eric H.W. -- 1953
FF11567	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vogan, J.R. -- 1953 -1972
FF11568	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vogel, Peter -- 1985
FF11569	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vogel, Robert C. -- 1967
FF11570	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vogt, William G. and Marlin H. Mickle -- 1985 
FF11571	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vohnik, Stanislas -- 1975 -1977
 
Box 118 - Continued
FF11572	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Volkema, Roger -- 1978-1987
FF11573	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Volterra, Germaine -- 1968
FF11574	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Von Foerster, Heinz -- 1963
FF11575	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Von Neumann, John -- 1951 -1953
FF11576	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Von Weizsacker, Ernst -- 1983 
FF11577	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vorodkin, Frederick M. -- 1966
FF11578	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vos, Peter F. -- 1974
FF11579	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Voss, James F. -- 1966 -1988
FF11580	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vought Electronics -- 1961
FF11581	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Voyat, Gilbert -- 1968
FF11582	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Vroom, Victor H. -- 1972 - 1978
FF11583	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- W. Clasmann Co. -- 1949
FF11584	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wadler, Philip -- 1977 -1979
FF11585	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wadsworth Publishing Company, Inc. -- 1968
FF11586	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wagner, Harvey -- 1963 -1967
FF11587	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wagner, Walter -- 1964
FF11588	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Waibel, Alix -- 1982-1999
FF11589	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Walberg, Herb -- 1983
FF11590	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Waldinger, Richard -- 1967 -1969
FF11591	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Waldo, Dwight -- 1947 -- 1973
FF11592	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Waldrop, Edwin W. -- 1953
FF11593	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wales, Roger -- 1967
FF11594	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Walgreen, Doug -- N.D.
FF11595	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Walker, Charles R. -- 1962
FF11596	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Walker, Crayton C. -- 1963 -1973
FF11597	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Walker, Hank -- 1984
FF11598	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Walker, Norman -- 1953
FF11599	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Walker, Ralph -- 1951
FF11600	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Walker, Strother H. -- 1954
FF11601	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Walker, Timothy, M.  1992
FF11602	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wallace, Clyde -- 1941
FF11603	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wallace, John G. -- 1965 -1980
FF11604	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wallace, Russell A. -- 1959
FF11605	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wallis, W. Allen -- 1950 -1979
FF11606	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Walter, Heinrich -- 1993
FF11607	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Walter Reed Army Institute of Research -- 1956
FF11608	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wang, Ing - Tsuan -- 1973 -1974 
FF11609	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wang, Tianran -- 1981
FF11610	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wang, Wuiyuan -- 1978
FF11611	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wang, Xianghong -- 1995
FF11612	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wang, Xuemei -- 1996-1998 **Restricted File**
FF11613	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wang, Ye - Yi -- 1992
FF11614	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ward, Paul L. -- 1953 -1964
 
Box 118 - Continued
FF11615	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ward, Raymond S. -- 1953
FF11616	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ward, Robert --1991
FF11617	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ward, Robert E. -- 1969
FF11618	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Warner, John C. -- 1955 - 1987
FF11619	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Warner, William H. -- 1989
FF11620	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Warner, W. Lloyd -- 1959
FF11621	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Warnock, John -- 1979
FF11622	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Warnstedt, Birgit -- 1990
FF11623	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Washington, George University -- 1967 - 1968
FF11624	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Washington Operations Research/Management Science Council -- 1982
FF11625	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Washington Report, The -- 1967
FF11626	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Washington State University -- 1960
FF11627	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Washington, University of -- 1958 - 1960
FF11628	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Watabiki, Masataka -- 1963 
FF11629	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Water Hammer Arrestor Corp. -- 1949 
FF11630	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Waterman, Donald -- 1968 -1977
FF11631	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Waterman, Talbot H. -- 1961
FF11632	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Watkins, Frederick M. -- 1955
FF11633	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Watson, Carla -- 1975
FF11634	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Watson, George H. -- 1948
FF11635	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Watson, James D. -- N.D.
FF11636	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Watson, James R. -- 1945
FF11637	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Watson, Thomas J. Jr. -- 1963
FF11638	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Watt, William -- 1973 -1974
FF11639	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Watter, Michael -- 1953
FF11640	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- WCAU Radio / Night Talk! -- 1965
FF11641	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weaver, Robert W. -- 1969
FF11642	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weaver, Warren -- 1962
FF11643	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Webbink, Paul -- 1954
FF11644	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weber, Arnold R. -- 1979
FF11645	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weber, C. Edward -- 1966-1976???
FF11646	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weber, Roberto -- 1999-2001
FF11647	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weber, Warren -- 1966-1976
FF11648	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wegman, Mark -- 1997
FF11649	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wegner, Peter -- 1983
FF11650	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wehe, Jane -- 1962
FF11651	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weichhart, L.W. -- 1961
FF11652	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weidner, Edward W. -- 1953 -1954
FF11653	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weil, Roman L. Jr. -- 1963 - 1978
FF11654	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weintraub, E. Roy -- 1988 
FF11655	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weiss, Edward C. -- 1954
FF11656	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weitz, Joseph -- 1954 
FF11657	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weizenbaum, Joseph -- 1977
 
Box 118 - Continued
FF11658	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Welch, William -- 1954
FF11659	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Welsh, William F. -- 1978
FF11660	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wellek, Albert -- 1968
FF11661	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Welsh, John Jr. -- 1964
FF11662	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Welty, Gordon -- 1969
FF11663	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wendt, Wolfgang -- 1978 -1979
FF11664	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wengert, Egbert S. -- 1951 -1959
FF11665	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wenke, Klaus -- 1956
FF11666	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Werner, Gerhardt-- 1978 
FF11667	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wescott, Bill -- 1994-2000 
FF11668	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wesleyan University -- 1960 -1967
FF11669	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- West Virginia University -- 1958 - 1967
FF11670	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Westerberg, Arthur W. -- 1978-1996 --**Restricted File**
FF11671	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Westerman, Bernard S. -- 1951
FF11672	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Western Adjustment and Inspection Company --1948 -- 1949
FF11673	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Western Economic Journal -- 1969
FF11674	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Western Joint Computer Conference -- 1959 -1960
FF11675	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Western Management Science Institute -- 1966
FF11676	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Western Michigan University -- 1966 -1968
FF11677	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Western Pennsylvania MENSA -- 1984
FF11678	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Western Psychological Association -- 1961
FF11679	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic -- 1977
Box 119
Correspondence

FF11680	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Westheimer, Frank H. -- 1968 -1981
FF11681	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Westin, Allen (Computing Activities Committee) -- 1970 -1971
FF11682	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Westinghouse Electric Corporation -- 1955-1960
FF11683	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Weston, J. Fred -- 1973
FF11684	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wheeler, Harvey -- 1953 -1960 
FF11685	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wheeler, Joseph L. -- 1949
FF11686	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Whelan, John W. -- 1958
FF11687	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Whimbey, Arthur -- 1975
FF11688	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Whitaker, F.P.G. -- 1960
FF11689	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Whitaker, Gilbert R. -- 1986 -1987
FF11690	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- White, Gilbert -- 1962
FF11691	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- White, Harrison C. -- 1965-1997
FF11692	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- White, Howard -- 1955
FF11693	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- White House, The -- 1989
FF11694	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- White, Leonard D. -- 1937 -1958
 
Box 119 - Continued
FF11695	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- White, L.L. -- 1967 -1970
FF11696	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- White Motor Company -- 1951 -1953
FF11697	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- White, P.C. -- 1962 -- 1963
FF11698	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- White, Stephen -- 1962
FF11699	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Whitin, Thomson M. -- 1955
FF11700	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Whitney, Vincent H. -- 1960
FF11701	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Whittman, H.S. -- 1949
FF11702	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Whyte, William H. Jr. -- 1951-1960
FF11703	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wible, James R. -- 1980
FF11704	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Williamson, Oliver E. -- 1962
FF11705	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Willis, Richard -- 1957
FF11706	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Willis, William G. -- 1951
FF11707	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Willits, Joseph H. -- 1943???
FF11708	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wilms, Welford W. -- 1994-1995
FF11709	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wilson, Charles Z. -- 1961 -1986
FF11710	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wilson, David Sloan -- 1988-1998
FF11711	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wilson, E.O. -- 1980
FF11712	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wilson, Glenn -- 1964-1995
FF11713	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wilson, James Q. -- 1960
FF11714	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wilson, James W. -- 1965
FF11715	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wilson, O.W. -- 1955 -- 1960
FF11716	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wilson, Ralph D. -- 1959
FF11717	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wimsatt, William G.  1972-2000
FF11718	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Winikoff, Arnold W. -- 1966
FF11719	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Winkler, W.H. -- 1962
FF11720	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Winnet, Nochem S. -- 1951 
FF11721	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Winston, Andrew -- 1982-1993 **Restricted File** 
FF11722	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Winter, E.P. -- 1955
FF11723	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Winter, S.W. -- 1960
FF11724	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Winter, Sidney -- 1988-1992
FF11725	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wirth, Louis -- 1946
FF11726	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wisconsin Laboratories, Inc. -- 1949 
FF11727	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wisconsin, The University of -- 1960
FF11728	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wisdom, J.O. -- 1965
FF11729	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wisniewski, John P. -- 1950
FF11730	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Witt, W. Lane -- 1965
FF11731	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Witt, Ulrich -- 1986
FF11732	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Witt, W. Lane -- 1965
FF11733	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Witte, Eberhard -- 1989
FF11734	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wójcicki, Ryszard -- 1976
FF11735	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wojick, David E. -- 1973 -1978
FF11736	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wold, Herman -- 1954 -- 1956
FF11737	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Woldenberg, Michael -- 1966
FF11738	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wolf, William B. -- 1960
 
Box 119 - Continued
FF11739	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wolfert, Ira -- 1960 -1961 
FF11740	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wolff, Kurt H. -- 1956
FF11741	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wolfson, Robert J. -- 1956-1991 **Restricted File**
FF11742	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wolinsky, Gloria F. -- 1961
FF11743	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wood, Bryce -- 1966 -1967 
FF11744	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Woodlawn League of Women Voters -- 1944
FF11745	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Woodward, Joan -- 1968 
FF11746	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Woodward, R.D. -- 1955
FF11747	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Work-Factor Company, The -- 1954 
FF11748	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- World Book Encyclopedia Science Service, Inc. --1968
FF11749	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- World Congress Alternatives and Environment -- 1987-1988
FF11750	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- World Organisation of General Systems and Cybernetics -- 1970 -1978, 1999
FF11751	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wortman, Paul M. -- 1965 -1978
FF11752	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wright, Quincy -- 1949
FF11753	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wright, RANDolph -- 1969 
FF11754	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wright, Robert -- 1967-1984
FF11755	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wu, Felicia -- 1999
FF11756	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wu, Quanfeng -- 1986-1994
FF11757	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wu, Xiang -- 1996
FF11758	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wu, Zong-Shi -- 1996
FF11759	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wylie, David -- 1968
FF11760	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Wynn, William H. -- 1966
FF11761	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “W” -- 1964-2000
FF11762	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Xiang, Zi-gang -- 1981
FF11763	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Xu, Yingti -- 1985-1992 
FF11764	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “X” -- 1982-1998
FF11765	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yahraes, Herbert C. Jr. -- 1966 -1969
FF11766	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yale Review, The -- 1954
FF11767	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yale University -- 1956-1987
FF11768	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yale University Press -- 1981-1984
FF11769	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yamada, Yukio -- 1950
FF11770	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yance, Joseph V. -- 1959 -1963
FF11771	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yang, Li -- 1985-1989
FF11772	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yang, Lloyd -- 1998-1999
FF11773	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yasui, Hideyuki -- 1990 
FF11774	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ycas, Martynas -- 1956 - 1957
FF11775	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yellott, Professor -- 1943 
FF11776	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yngve, Victor H. -- 1953 - 1973 
FF11777	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yoken, Steve -- 1996, 1999
FF11778	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yokoyama, Tauotsu -- 1955
FF11779	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yoram, Yom-Tov -- 1994
 
Box 119 - Continued
FF11780	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yoran, Amos -- 1986
FF11781	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yoshihara, Hideki -- 1968 -1978
FF11782	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yoshioka, Ben -- 1946 -1965
FF11783	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Young, Raymond Warren -- 1950
FF11784	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Young, Robert -- 1970-1982
FF11785	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Young and Rubicam, Inc. -- 1962
FF11786	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yu, Li -- 1983-1984
FF11787	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Yu, Shin - Cheng -- 1953 
FF11788	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “Y” -- 1974-2000 
FF11789	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zadeh, L.A. -- 1953
FF11790	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zahlan, A.B. -- 1966 
FF11791	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zanganeh, Siasb -- 1994 -1996
FF11792	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zanker -- 1965
FF11793	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zannetos, Zenon S. -- 1963
FF11794	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zapf, Hermann -- 1968
FF11795	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zeisel, Hans -- 1955
FF11796	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zetschrift Fur Okonometri -- 1950
FF11797	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zellner, Arnold -- 1953
FF11798	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zhang, Guo-jun -- 1981 -1996

Box 120
Correspondence

FF11799	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zhu, Dan -- 1988 - 2001
FF11800	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zhu, Xinming -- 1987 - 2001
FF11801	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Ziegler, James -- 1965 
FF11802	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zielinski, Janusz G. -- 1961
FF11803	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zietz, Dorothy -- 1948 -1949
FF11804	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zilberstein, Eugene -- 1991
FF11805	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zillmann, Dolf -- 1971
FF11806	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zilsel, Paul R. -- 1957
FF11807	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zimmer, Stuart -- 1978
FF11808	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zimmerman, L.J. -- 1963
FF11809	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zinkin, Maurice -- 1966
FF11810	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zionts, Stanley -- 1993
FF11811	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zlotnick, Martin -- 1996
FF11812	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zober, Martin -- 1953 -1958
FF11813	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zobrist, Albert L. -- 1970
FF11814	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zoffer, H. J. -- 1985
FF11815	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zuckert, Eugene M. -- 1984
FF11816	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zvegintzov, Nicholas -- 1963 -1978
FF11817	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zweig, Felix -- 1964
FF11818	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- Zytkow, Jan -- 1982 - 2001
FF11819	Simon, Herbert A. -- Correspondence -- “Z” -- 1971 - 2000
 
Box 120 - Continued
FF11820	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Articles -- Simon, H.A. -- “Simon Says” Series -- 1970-1972
FF11821	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Computer Printout -- Remote TTY Program -- 1965
FF11822	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Department of Psychology -- Faculty Search Committee -- Plaut, David -- Memorandum -- Vitae -- Career Summaries -- 1998
FF11823	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Classes -- Foundations of Organizational Behavior (GI-503) -- Assignment and Bibliography -- 1953-1954
FF11824	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Graduate School of Industrial Administration (GSIA) -- Courses -- Elements of Industrial Administration (#I-201) -- Courses Materials and Notes -- 1950-1955, 1958
FF11825	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- GSIA Course Materials -- GI-501: The Administrative Process: Organizations -- Syllabus -- Handouts -- Examinations -- Notes -- Textbook Forms -- 1964-1965
FF11826	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Memorandum -- Time Sharing -- Reprints -- Outline -- 1966-1967
FF11827	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- IPL Programming Instructions -- Computer Printout -- 1962-1964
FF11828	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Programming Instructions -- Problem 7 -- “Neither or Either Small or Blue but Not Both” -- Computer Printout -- 1968
FF11829	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Project Description -- “Thought and Memory, Experimentation with a View to Model Construction” -- N.D.
FF11830	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Publications -- Article -- “Herb Simon: Computers and Human Decsion-Makers” -- Defelice --Focus -- N.D.
FF11831	Simon, Herbert A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Student Programs -- Palyka, Duane -- Computer Printout -- 1966
FF11832	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Carnegie Institute of Technology (CIT) -- Seminar on Design -- “Creativity” -- May 9, 1963
FF11833	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- China Trip, 1972 -- Reference Articles -- 1972-1978
FF11834	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- Fifth Annual Conference on Computer Simulation of Plasmas -- “The Theory of Problem Solving” -- University of Iowa -- November 19, 1971
FF11835	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Conference on Economics/Management and Information Technology (CEMIT’92) -- Tokyo, Japan -- “On Designing Information Systems for Companies and Management in an Electronic Age” -- August 31-September 4, 1992
FF11836	Simon, Herbert A. -- Lectures and Talks -- International Conference on High Performance Global Corporations -- Carnegie Bosch Institute -- “Knowledge and the Time to Attend to It” -- Boca Raton, FL -- April 21, 1995
FF11837	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Business Firm Growth and Size” -- Ijiri and Simon -- The American Economic Review 54:2 -- Reprint -- 1964
 
Box 120 - Continued
FF11838	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Learning Equation Solving Methods from Worked Examples” -- Silver -- Publication Unknown -- N.D.
FF11839	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Letter to the Editor -- “Information Technology Research” -- Simon -- Science 285 -- Correspondence -- 1999
FF11840	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Logic Theory Machine” Newell and Simon -- IRE: Transactions on Information Theory Vol.IT-2, No.3 -- September 1956
FF11841	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “LOPC: Modeling Contention in Parallel Algorithms” -- Frank, Agarwal, and Vernon -- PpoPP ’97 -- 1997
FF11842	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Managers’ Behavior and Perfect Competition” -- Lesourne -- Reprint -- European Economic Review 9 -- 1977
FF11843	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Memory Skill” -- Ericsson -- Reprint -- Canadian Journal of Psychology 39:2 -- 1985 
FF11844	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Model of Business Firm Growth” -- Ijiri and Simon -- Reprint -- Econometrica 35:2 -- 1967
FF11845	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “On Judging the Plausibility of Theories” -- Simon -- Reprint -- Logic, Methodology and Philosophy of Science -- N.D.
FF11846	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Programs as Factors of Production” -- Simon -- California Management Review -- Reprint -- 1967
FF11847	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Public Cleansing: Extracts from the Annual Report of the Ministry of Health for 1931-1932 with Summaries of Returns from Local Authorities for the Year 1930-1931” -- British Ministry of Health -- Public Cleansing -- 1933
FF11848	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Public Works Management with the Aid of Records and Standards” -- Stone -- City Manager Yearbook -- N.D.
FF11849	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Quest for Artificial Intelligence” -- Witt -- The Chicago Tribune Magazine -- September 21, 1986
FF11850	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- Quote from Simon -- Computing Review 24:6 -- 1983
FF11851	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Quote of the Week” -- Simon -- Babson Free Press 40:9 -- N.D.
FF11852	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Rating the Colleges” -- Solarzano and quick -- U.S. News and World Report -- November 28, 1983
FF11853	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Reality’s the Thing This Field Needs” -- Silk -- New York Times -- December 29, 1989
FF11854	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Relevance of the Ideas of John R. Commons for the Formulation of Agricultural Development Policies” -- Parsons -- Journal of Economic Issues 20:2 -- June 1986
FF11855	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Reply to the Letter Professor Lowi Kindly Wrote Me” -- Simon -- “The State of American Political Science: Professor Lowi’s View of Our Discipline” -- Correspondence -- Draft -- Dec 11, 1991; September 1993
FF11856	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Report on the Algorithmic Language ALGOL 60 -- Naur, ed. -- Communications of the ACM 3:5 -- May 1960
 
Box 120 - Continued
FF11857	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Rival for Man” -- The Sun -- June 19, 1985
FF11858	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Robot Psychiatrist?” -- Seymour -- Detroit Free Press -- March 3, 1981
FF11859	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Robot Show on Dull Side” -- Van Horne -- Scripps -- Howard Wire Service -- N.D.
FF11860	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Scientific Discovery and the Psychology of Problem Solving” -- Simon -- Mind and Cosmos: Essays in Contemporary Science and Philosophy, Volume III -- Reprint -- 1966
FF11861	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Scientist Cites Capital, Manpower Problems: Foresses Limitation to Progress” -- Anderson -- Toronto Globe -- October 28, 1966
FF11862	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Scientist Says Computers Give Clues to Human Mind” -- Wurth -- The Champaign-Urbana News-Gazette -- March 23, 1988
FF11863	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Se al Ministero Arriva la Tecnologia” -- Volpini -- Paesa Sera -- June 24, 1985
FF11864	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Selective Perception: A Note on the Identifications of Executives” -- Dearborn and Simon -- Sociometry -- Reprint -- 1958
FF11865	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Self-Portrayal” -- Biderman -- Science 169 -- Reprint -- September 11, 1970
FF11866	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Senile Dementia for Artificial Intelligentsia” - Schrage - Computer World - May 9, 1994
FF11867	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon of Carnegie Mellon Says Real Issue is Where will Our Energy Come From?” - Author Unknown - Princeton Fusion Reports -- N.D.
FF11868	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon Recipient of Dow Jones Award” - Notice - Pittsburgh Business Times - April 11, 1983
FF11869	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon Says… Decision Making is a ‘Satisfieing’ Experience” - Roach - Management Review 68:1 - January 1979
FF11870	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon Says Nobel Prize Changed Him Little” - Bolselovic - Pittsburgh Press - October 16, 1989
FF11871	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simon to Lecture on Computers Vs People” - Zinzner - The Collegian(Grove City College) - January 27, 1989
FF11872	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “A Simon Who is Not at all Simple” - Neuhaus - Discover 2:6 - June 1981
FF11873	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simulation of Cognitive Processes by GPS” - Taube - Commentary by Simon and Newell, Reitman - Published in Science 134, 135, 136 -- 1961-1962
FF11874	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Simulation of the Hypothesis Generation Process” - Gerwin - Reprint - Proceedings of the Association for Computing Machinery - November 1974
FF11875	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Situational Choice and the Spelling Program” - Personkee and Yec - Elementary English 45 -- 1968
FF11876	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Societies Present Herbert Simon with Von Niumann Prize” - Author Unknown - Or/MS Today 15:3 - June 1988
 
Box 120 - Continued
FF11877	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Sociology of the Nobel Prize” - Zucherman - Scientific America 217:5 - November 1967
FF11878	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Some Further Notes on A Class of Skew Distribution Functions” - Simon - Information and Control 3:1 - March 1960
FF11879	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Space Station Inevitable but Costly” - Hotz - Pittsburgh Press - October 11, 1983
FF11880	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Spelling - A Task Analysis” - Simon D - Instructional Science -- 1976
FF11881	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Standing on Ceremony” - Moossy - “Pitt and Pittsburgh” - Simon - Pittsburgh Post Gazette -- 1992
FF11882	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The State in Political Science: How We Become What We Study” - Lowi - American Political Science Review - March 1992
FF11883	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Statistical Tests As A Basis For “Yes-No Choices” - Simon - Journal of the American Statistical Association - Reprint -- 1945
FF11884	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Students Seek Some Reality Amid the Math of Economics” - Weinstein - New York Times - September 18, 1999
FF11885	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “The Study of Human Society, its Promise and its Limits” - Wyman - Boston Globe - Correspondence -- 1982
FF11886	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Article -- “Swinging from Your Feels” - Author Unknown - Sports Illustrated - September 12, 1983
FF11887	Simon, Herbert A. -- Publications -- Biography - Herbert A. Simon - Encyclopedia of Psychology and Neuroscience - Craighead and Nemeroff, eds. - Correspondence – 1999
 
Series X.  Dissertations  -- 1956-1999

Box 121
Student Dissertations

FF11888	Simon, Herbert A. --  Dissertations -- Student Papers -- “ADEPT: A Heuristic Program for Proving Theorems of Group Theory” -- Norton, Lewis M. -- Massachusetts Institute of Technology -- 1966
FF11889	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “AM: Artificial Intelligence Approach to Discovery in Mathematics as Heuristic Search” -- Lenat, Douglas Bruce -- Computer Science Department, Stanford University -- 1976
FF11890	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Adaptive Production Function and its Economic Implications” -- Levy, Ferdinand K. -- GSIA, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1963
FF11891	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Agent Design for automatic use of a software system: A case study with a Soar agent for Mathematica” -- Pathak, Dhiraj K. -- School of Robotics, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1993
FF11892	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Aggregate Production Functions: An Appraisal Via the Methodology of Scientific Research Programmes” -- Fulton, Gabriel Columbanus -- The Queen’s University of Belfast -- 1979
FF11893	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Alternative Model of Goal-Directed Learning in Educational Games; Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving Term Project” -- Baire, Leemon -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Fall, 1997
FF11894	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Analysis of Predictive Behavior in a Two-Choice Situation” -- Feldman, Julian -- GSIA, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1959 Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Analysis of Predictive Behavior in a Two-Choice Situation” -- Feldman, Julian -- GSIA, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1959
FF11895	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Analysis of Task Environment and Personal Autonomy in Two Management Organizations” -- Dill, William R. -- GSIA, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1956
FF11896	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Analysis of the Dynamics of Consumer Behavior and its Implications for Marketing Management” -- Kuehn Alfred Arthur -- GSIA, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1958
FF11897	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Another Stride Towards Knowledge-Based Machine Translation: A Unification-Based Entity-Oriented Approach” -- Masaru, Tomita and Carbonell, Jaime -- Computer Science Department,  Carnegie Mellon University -- 1985
FF11898	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Ansatze fur eine Theorie der Informationsverarbeitung in der Unternehmung” -- Muller, Dr. rer. pol. Wolfgang -- Universitat Hamburgh -- 1973
 
Box 121 - Continued
FF11899	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Approaches to Descriptions and Analysis of Problem Solving Processes: the 8-puzzle” -- Ericsson, K. Anders -- Doctoral Dissertation Department of Psychology, University of Stockholm -- 1976
FF11900	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Arbitrary Phonetic Assignment and its Effect on Linguistic Acquisition” -- Du, Kavin --  Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF11901	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Are Audio and Visual Memory Separate?” -- Powers, Aaron -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December, 1999
FF11902	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Automatic Representation Changes in Problem Solving” -- Fink, Eugene -- School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1999
FF11903	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Automatically Generating Abstractions for Problem Solving” -- Knoblock, Craig Alan -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1991
FF11904	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Automating Algorithm Design Within A General Architecture for Intelligence” -- Steier, David -- Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1989
FF11905	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Behavioral Investigation of Corporate Capital Investment” -- Bromiley, Philip -- SUPA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1981
FF11906	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Behavioral Theory of Production Planning in the Firm” -- Wilson, Glenn Tilbrook -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1969

Box 122
Student Dissertations 

FF11907	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Best Effort Decision Making For Real-Time Scheduling” -- Locke, C. Douglass -- Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon university -- 1986
FF11908	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Beyond REF-ARF:  Toward an Intelligent Processor for a Nondeterministic Programming Language” -- Gibbons, Gregory Dean -- School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon  University -- 1972
FF11909	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Building and Using User Models” -- Rich, Elaine A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 1979
FF11910	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Capacity of a Spatial Working Memory” -- Lenser, Scott -- Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF11911	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Case-Based Software Cost Estimation” -- Vicinanza, Steven Saverio -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1990
FF11912	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Chess as Problem Solving: The Development of a Tactics Analyzer” -- Berliner, Hans J. -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1974
 
Box 122 - Continued
FF11913	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Chunking as an Abstraction Mechanism” -- Campbell, Murray -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1987
FF11914	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving Final Report: Problem Solving Methods in the Tower of London Puzzle” -- Sanner, Scott -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 2, 1999
FF11915	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Cognitive-Processes Term Project” -- Naman, John L. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 5, 1991
FF11916	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Cognitively Guided Approach for Model Construction and Information Brokering” -- Li, Xiaoping -- The Heinz School of Public Policy and Management, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1995
FF11917	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Collaborative Concept Discovery in a Scientific Domain” -- Okada, Takeshi -- Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1994
FF11918	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Collaborative Model for Providing Intelligent Computer Assistance to Experts in Decision Making and Design” -- Cohen, Robert -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1990
FF11919	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Comparison of the Effectiveness of Two Learning Methods on a Moderate Difficulty Real-World Computer Task” -- Gauthier, David -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 4, 1997
FF11920	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Comparison of Features and Strategies in Isomorphic Games” -- Hansma, Scott -- Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF11921	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Competitive Chunking Theory: Models of Perception, Learning, and Memory” -- Servan-Schreiber, Emile -- Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF11922	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Complete Unification Algorithm for Associative Commutative Functions” -- Stickel, M.E. -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1975
FF11923	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Comprehension of Diagrams accompanied by Text; Draft” -- Hegarty, Mary -- N.D.
FF11924	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Computer Design of Equipment Layouts using the Design Problem Solver (DPS)” -- Pfefferkorn, Charles E. -- Carnegie Institute of Technology, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1971
FF11925	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Computer Program for Discovering and Proving Sequential Recognition Rules for Well-Formed Formulas Defined by a Backus Normal Form Grammar” -- London, Ralph L. -- Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1964
FF11926	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Computer Program Organization Induced by Problem Examples” -- Williams, Donald -- Electrical Engineering (Systems and Communications Sciences), Carnegie Institute, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1969

 
Box 122 - Continued
FF11927	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Computer Program to Learn Production Systems Using a Semantic Net”[2 Copies] -- Hedrick, Charles L. -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1974
FF11928	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Computer Simulation Model of Municipal Resource Allocation -- Crecine, John Patrick -- Industrial Administration, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1966
FF11929	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Computer Understanding of Physics Problems Stated in Natural Language” -- Novak, Gordon S. -- Department of Computer Sciences, University of Texas at Austin -- 1976
FF11930	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Constraint-Directed Search: A Case Study of Job-Shop Scheduling” -- Fox, Mark S. -- Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1983

Box 123
Student Dissertations

FF11931	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Constructing Mutliple-Choice Test Items Using Protocol Analysis about Fractions” -- Powers, Alicia --  Carnegie Mellon University -- December 2, 1999
FF11932	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Construction Heuristics for Geometry and a Vector Algebra Representation of Geometry” -- Wong, Richard -- Massachusetts Institute of Technology -- 1972
FF11933	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Contributions to Mechanical Mathematics” -- Iturriaga-Y-De-La-Fuente, Jose Renato -- Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1967
FF11934	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Data Definition Facility for Programming languages” -- Standish, T.A. -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1967
FF11935	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Decision Making in a Complex Environment” -- Klahr, David -- Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1967
FF11936	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Decision-Making in Small Groups; A Simulation Study” -- Clarkson, Geoffrey P. E. -- Alfred P. Sloan School of Management, Massachusetts Institute of Technology -- 1966
FF11937	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Deductive Logic for Automata” -- More, Trenchard Jr. -- Massachusetts Institute of Technology -- 1957
FF11938	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Derivative Solver: An Information-Processor Modeling Human Behavior in the Domain of Differentiation” -- Weber, Keith -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Fall, 1996
FF11939	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “DeGroot Protocols: The Thought Processes of Chess Players” -- N.D.
FF11940	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Descriptive Discovery Processes: Experiments in Baconian Science” -- Langley, Patrick W. -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1979-1980
 
Box 123 - Continued
FF11941	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Design Planning and Management for CAD Frameworks” -- Jacome, Margarida F. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 1993
FF11942	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Development of Short-Term Memory Capacity” -- Chi, Michelene T. H. -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1975
FF11943	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Discriminating Drawings; the differences between novices and experts in judging drawings” -- Abeele, Veronika Vanden, Neil Wehrle -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Fall 1997
FF11944	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Does thinking- aloud improve learning?” -- Andrey, Christophe -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 1996
FF11945	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “EPAM IV and the Serial Position Effect” -- Brown, Alon -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 8, 1994
FF11946	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- Draft “Economic Principles of Policy Analysis” Folder 1 of 2 -- Kamlet, Mark S. and Klepper, Steven -- 1989
FF11947	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- Draft “Economic Principles of Policy Analysis” Folder 2 of 2 -- Kamlet, Mark S. and Klepper, Steven -- 1989
FF11948	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Effect of Explaining Versus Commentating on Transfer and Learning by Doing” -- Pita, Alex -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 8, 1994
FF11949	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Effect of List Structure and Learning Method on Serial List Acquisition” -- Caul, William F. -- Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1962
FF11950	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Effects of Presenting Diagrammatic Representations of Solving Logic Puzzles; Cognitive Processes and Problem Solving: Term Project” -- Shiralkar, Anjali -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 2, 1999
FF11951	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Effect of Simultaneous Presentation of Stimulus on LTM” -- White, Brian -- Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF11952	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Effects of Success and Failure and Task Responsibility on the Level of Aspiration and Performance” -- Lewin, Arie Y. -- Carnegie Institute of Technology -- N.D.
FF11953	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Efficient Context-free Parsing Algorithm for Natural Languages and its Applications” -- Tomita, Masaru -- Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1985
FF11954	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Efficient Context-free Parsing Algorithm for Natural Languages and its Applications; Thesis Summary” -- Tomita, Masaru -- Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1985
FF11955	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Efficient Word Lattice Parsing Algorithm for Continuous Speech Recognition: Abstract” -- Tomita, Masaru -- Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
 
Box 124
Student Dissertations

FF11956	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Elements and Style: Expertise and the Learning of Artistic Categories” -- Ritter, Steven -- Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1992
FF11957	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Elements of a Theory of Visual Information Processing” -- Ein-Dor, Phillip -- Social Sciences and Industrial Administration, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1971
FF11958	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Empirical Test of the Simon and Kotovsky Model of Human Letter Series Sequence Extrapolation Behavior” -- Kotovsky, Kenneth -- “Submitted in Partial fulfillment of the Requirements for the degree of M.S. in Psychology” -- N.D.
FF11959	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Error of Aggregation; A Contribution to the Theory of Decomposable Systems and Applications -- Vantilborgh, Hendrik -- Faculte des Sciences Appliquees, Universite Catholique de Louvain -- 1981
FF11960	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Enterprise Design: Extending Product Design to Include Manufacturing Process Design and Organization Design” -- Peplinski, Jesse -- Georgia Institute of Technology -- 1997
FF11961	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Eye Movements and Algebra Tutoring” -- Gluck, Kevin -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1999
FF11962	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Eye Movements as an Aid to Protocol Analysis of Problem Solving Behavior” -- Winikoff, Arnold W. -- Department of Electrical Engineering, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1967
FF11963	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Facial Stereotypes as Cognitive Categories” -- Goldin, Sarah E. -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1979
FF11964	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Fast Sort Of Country: A Study of Technological Innovation -- the Evolution of Digital Computers” -- Knight, Kenneth E. -- GSIA, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1963
FF11965	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Feasibility Study of Personal/Interactive Machine Translation Systems” -- Masaru, Tomita -- Computer Science Department,  Carnegie Mellon University -- 1985
FF11966	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Financial Diagnosis; a cognitive model of the processes involved” -- Bouwman, Marinus J. -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1978
FF11967	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Formal Semantics for Computer Oriented Languages” -- Feldman, Jerome -- Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1964
 
Box 125
Student Disserations

FF11968	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “From Archaic to Modern; Cognitive Processes in Translating from Middle English to Modern English” -- Campbell, Susan -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 2, 1999
FF11969	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “From Language to Mental Images to Equations” -- Qin, Yulin -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1992
FF11970	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “From Physiology to Behavior: Computational Modes of Catecholamine Modulation of Information Processing” -- Servan-Schreiber, David -- School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1990
FF11971	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Generality and GPS” -- Ernst, George and Allen Newell -- College of Engineering and Science, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- N.D.
FF11972	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Goal-Oriented Language for the Computer” -- Pople, Harry E. Jr. -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1969
FF11973	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Goal Oriented Models for Accounting and Control” -- Ijiri, Yuji -- GSIA, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1963
FF11974	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Goals/Effort Tradeoff Theory of Experiment Space Search” -- Schunn, Christian D. -- Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1995
FF11975	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Hatching a Theory of Incubation: Does putting a problem aside really help? If so, why?” -- Kaplan, Craig Andrew -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1989
FF11976	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Heuristic Approach to Job Shop Scheduling” -- Gere, William S. Jr. -- GSIA, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1962
FF11977	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Heuristic Approach to Theorem Proving” -- Hall, Donald E. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 1967
FF11978	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Heuristic Program for Solving Problems Stated as Nondeterministic Procedures” -- Fikes, Richard Earl -- College of Engineering and Science, Carnegie Institute of Technology, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1969
FF11979	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Heuristic Program to Discover Syntheses for Complex Organic Molecules” -- Sridharan, N.S. -- Department of Computer Science, Stanford University -- 1973
FF11980	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Human Attention and Performance: A Dual Effect Point of View” -- Luo, Yongdong -- University of Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia -- 1990
 
Box 125 - Continued
FF11981	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Human Category Learning for Natural Textures” -- Bruce, James -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 2, 1999
FF11982	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Hypothesis Formation and Qualitative Reasoning in Molecular Biology” -- Karp, Peter Dornin -- Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, 1989

Box 126
Student Dissertations

FF11983	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “IL: An Artificial Intelligence Approach to Theory Formation in Mathematics; Dissertation Draft” -- Sims, Michael H. -- Graduate School-New Burnswick Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey -- 1990
FF11984	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Incubation; The Effect of Interruption Timing and Length on Problem Solution and Quality of Problem Processing” -- Silveira, Jeanette Marie -- Department of Psychology, Graduate School of the University of Oregon -- 1971
FF11985	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Influence of Organizational Factors on the Effectiveness of Environmental Management” -- Wescott, William F. III -- Carnegie Institute of Technology, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1995
FF11986	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Information Processing Approach to Examining Advertising Effects” -- Gardner, Meryl Paula -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1981
FF11987	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Information Processing Approach to Small Group Interaction in a Coalition Formation Game” -- Friend, Kenneth Edwin -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1973
FF11988	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Information Processing Model of Civil Engineering Design Systems” -- Norabhoompipat, Thanet -- Department of Civil Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF11989	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Information Processing Model of Mental Multiplication” -- Dansereau, Donald F. -- Social Sciences and Industrial Administration, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1969
FF11990	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Information Processing Model of Short-Term Memory” -- Gilmartin, Kevin J. -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1974
FF11991	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Information Processing Theory of Human Decision Making Under Uncertainty and Risk” -- Findler, Nicholas V. -- Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1964
FF11992	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Information Processing Theory of Verbal Learning” -- Feigenbaum, Edward A. -- The RAND Corporation Mathematics Division -- 1959
 
Box 126 - Continued
FF11993	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Innovative Design of Mechanical Structure from First Principles” -- Cagan, Johnathan. -- University of California at Berkley -- 1990
FF11994	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Inquiry into Quantification of Dynamic Action-Consequence Structure for Administrative Policy Formulation -- Matsuda, T. -- N.D.
FF11995	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Instructionless Learning: Discovery of the Mental Model of a Complex Device” -- Shrager, Jeffrey C. -- Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1985
FF11996	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Investigation of Human Reinforcement Learning” -- Uther, William -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 5, 1996
FF11997	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “KEKADA System; Project Final Report” -- Wu, Leejay -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 2, 1999
FF11998	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Knowledge Acquisition for Visually Oriented Planning” -- Joseph, Robert Leo’nard’ -- School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1992
FF11999	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Knowledge Acquisition Via Incremental Conceptual Clustering” -- Fisher, Douglas Hayes, Jr. -- University of California, Irvine -- 1987

Box 127
Student Dissertations

FF12000	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Knowledge-Based Experiment Design in Molecular Genetics” -- Friedland, Peter -- Computer Science Department, Stanford University --1979
FF12001	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Knowledge Based Model of Inherent Audit Risk Assessment” -- Peters, James M. -- Katz Graduate School of Business, University of Pittsburgh -- 1989
FF12002	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Large Scale Paralletization of Alpha-Beta Search: An Algorithmic and Architectural Study with Computer Chess” -- Hsu, Feng-hsiung -- School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1990
FF12003	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Language Representation in Memory” -- Reilly, Lauren Jean -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 5, 1996
FF12004	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Lawyers, Doctors and Engineers: How Do They Solve Problems?; Protocol Analyses of Problem-Solving by Individuals in Different Professions” -- Yamagata, Hisashi -- Carnegie Mellon University -- February 1, 1994
FF12005	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Layered Learning in Multi-Agent Systems” -- Stone, Peter -- School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1998
 
Box 127 - Continued
FF12006	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Learning and Problem Solving: What is Learned While Solving The Towers of Hanoi” -- Ruiz, Dick -- Stanford University -- 1987
FF12007	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Learning from the Environment Based on Percepts and Actions” -- Shen, Wei-Min -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 1989
FF12008	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Learning from Physical Analogies: A Study in Analogy and the Explanation Process -- Falkenhainer, Brian Carl Ph.D. -- Department of Computer Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign -- 1989
FF12009	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Learning Procedures from Examples” -- Neves, David M. -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1981
FF12010	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Learning to Program in OPS5” -- Zhang, Guo-Jun -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1987
FF12011	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Learning to Solve Problems by Searching for Macro-Operators” -- Korf, Richard E. -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1983
FF12012	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Learning to Solve Problems by Searching for Macro-Operators: Second Draft” -- Korf, Richard E. -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1983
FF12013	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Learning to Understand Speech Sounds: A Theory and Model” -- Bradshaw, Gary L. -- Psychology Department, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1984
FF12014	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Left-to-Right On-Line Parsing and its Application to Natural Language Interfaces” -- Masaru, Tomita -- Computer Science Department,  Carnegie Mellon University -- 1985
FF12015	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “List Structure: Measurements, Algorithms, and Encodings -- Clark, Douglas W. -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1976
FF12016	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Machine Discovery of Chemical Reaction Pathways” -- Valdes-Perez, Raul E. -- School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1990
FF12017	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Mapping Eye Movements to Cognitive Processes” -- Salvucci, Dario D. -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1999
FF12018	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Mathematical and Computational Techniques for Research Prioritization with an Application to Global Climate Change Research” -- Linville, Charles David -- Department of Engineering and Public Policy, Carnegie Institute of Technology, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1998
 
Box 127 - Continued
FF12019	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Mechanical Theorem Proving and Artificial Intelligence Languages” -- Stickel, Mark E. -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1977
FF12020	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Les Memoires d’un joueur d’echecs” -- Gobet, Fernand -- Universite de Fribourg (Suisse) -- 1992
FF12021	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Memory for Chess Positions: The Effects of Interference and Input Modality” -- Charness, Neil Henry -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF12022	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Methodology And Software Environment For Testing Process Model’s Sequential Predictions With Protocols” -- Ritter, Frank E. -- School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1992
FF12023	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Methodology for the Operating Procedure Synthesis” -- Fusillo, Robert H. -- Department of Chemical Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1984

Box 128
Student Dissertations

FF12024	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Methodology for the Synthesis of Operating Procedures for Continuous Chemical Processes” -- Fusillo, Robert H. -- Department of Chemical Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1988
FF12025	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Methods for the Computer-Implemented Solution of a Class of ‘Floor Plan’ Design Problems” -- Grason, John -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1970
FF12026	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Model Based Reasoning of Device Behavior with Causal Ordering” -- Iwasaki, Yumi -- School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1988
FF12027	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Modeling the Effects of Misleading Postevent Information: Memory Impairment vs. Biased-Guessing” -- Taylor, Chris -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 8, 1994
FF12028	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Modeling Hardware and Software Failures in Real-Time Computer Control Systems” -- Cummings, Daniel Louis -- Department of Chemical Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1981
FF12029	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Modelling Semantic Memory: Effects of Presenting Semantic Information in Different Modalities -- Rosenberg, Steven T. -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1974
FF12030	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Models of Architectural Knowledge: An information Processing view of Architectural Design,” Vol. I and II -- Akin, Omar -- Department of Architecture, College of Fine Arts, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1979
FF12031	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Motor Skill Diagnosis: Diagnostic Processes of Expert and Novice Coaches” -- Pinheiro, Victor Eugenio Damacio -- University of Pittsburgh -- 1989
 
Box 128 - Continued
FF12032	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Natural Language Input for a Computer Problem Solving System” -- Bobrow, Daniel G. -- Massachusetts Institute of Technology -- 1964
FF12033	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Natural Language Learning by Computer” -- Siklossy, Laurent -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1968
FF12034	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Navigation in Large Virtual Worlds” -- Pierce, Jeff -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 4, 1997
FF12035	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “New Approaches to Machine Translation” -- Masaru, Tomita and Carbonell, Jaime -- Computer Science Department,  Carnegie Mellon University -- 1985
FF12036	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Non-Uniform Time-Scale Modification of Speech” -- Holtzman, Samuel Dantus -- S.B. Massachusetts Institute of Technology -- 1977
FF12037	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “On Automatic Composition of Stereotypic Documents in Foreign Languages” -- Masaru, Tomita and Hiroaki, Saito -- Computer Science Department,  Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF12038	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Organizational Structure as Viewed by Intra-Organizational Communication Patterns” -- McClean, Ronald John -- University of Waterloo, Ontario -- 1980
FF12039	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “PLANET: An Intelligent Decision Support System for the Formulation and Investigation of Formal Planning Models” -- Dhar, Vasant K. -- Graduate School of Business Administration, University of Pittsburgh -- 1984
FF12040	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Parsing Spoken Language: a Semantic Caseframe Approach” -- Masaru, Tomita; Hayes, Philip J.; Hauptmann, Alexander G.; and Carbonell, Jaime G. -- Computer Science Department,  Carnegie Mellon University -- 1985
FF12041	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Pattern Extraction in a Trend Analysis Task: Time Series Data Analysis; Comparisons between Human and Computer Subjects” -- Constantinides, Paul C. --  Carnegie Mellon University -- Fall 1996
FF12042	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Performance Measurement and Analysis of Certain Search Algorithms” -- Gaschnig, John -- Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1979
FF12043	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Piano Performance as a Heuristic Process with Appendix: Implications of the Heuristic Process for Piano Instruction” -- Hepp, Christopher Marshall -- College of Music of the University of Colorado -- 1986
FF12044	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Planning with Constraints” -- Stefik, Mark Jeffrey -- Department of Computer Science, Stanford University -- 1980
FF12045	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Political Economy of Deficit Spending in the Industrialized Democracies” -- Hahm, Sung Deuk -- H. John Heinz III School of Public Policy and Management, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1993
 
Box 129
Student Dissertations

FF12046	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Price Coordination in Decentralized Systems” -- Whinston, A. -- GSIA, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1962
FF12047	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Probabilistic Reasoning in Decision Support Systems: From Computation to Common Sense” -- Druzdzel, Marek J. -- Carnegie Institute of Technology, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1992-1993
FF12048	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Problem of Kinship Terms and ‘Psychological Reality’: An Information Processing Approach” -- Sanday, Peggy R. -- Division of the Social Sciences, University of Pittsburgh -- 1966
FF12049	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Problem Representation and Rule Development in Object Oriented Software Development” -- Kim, Jinwoo -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF12050	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Problem Solving in Semantically Rich Domains” -- Bhaskar, R. -- [Carnegie Mellon University] -- 1978
FF12051	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Processes of linguistic inference in the comprehension of sentences” -- Singer, Murray -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1973
FF12052	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Production System Simulation of Individual Scheduling Behavior” -- Tuggle, Francis Douglas -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 1971
FF12053	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Program for the Solution of a Class of Geometric-Analogy Intelligence-Test Questions -- Evans, Thomas G. -- Air Force Cambridge Research Laboratories, Office of Aerospace Research, United States Air Force -- 1964
FF12054	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Program Verifier” -- King, James Cornelius -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1969
FF12055	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “La Programmation Informatique comme situation de Resolution de Probleme -- Hoc, J.M. -- Ecole Pratique des Hautes Etudes,  Laboratoire de Psychologie du Travail, Academie de Paris, Universite Rene Descartes -- 1978
FF12056	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Prolegomena to a Theory of Intentionality for Physical Symbolic Systems” -- Eisenstadt, Stuart -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1995
FF12057	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Prosody and Speech Recognition” -- Waibel, A. -- Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1985
FF12058	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Protocol Analysis of DIF Items Testing Procedural Knowledge” -- Letshabo, Kathleen. --  Carnegie Mellon University -- December 5, 1996
 
Box 129 - Continued
FF12059	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Protocol Analysis to Sutdy Transferable Expert Knowledge in CAD Systems Usage” -- Donia, Magd -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Fall, 1994
FF12060	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Protocol Analyst’s Workbench: Design and Evaluation of Computer-Aided Protocol Analysis” -- Fisher, Carolanne -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1991
FF12061	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Psychological Processes Underlying Rule Induction: A Proposed Ph.D. Experiment” -- Holzman -- University of Pittsburgh -- 1977
FF12062	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Psychological Reality of Retrieval Structures: An Investigation of Expert Knowledge” -- Staszewski, James John -- Cornell University -- 1987
FF12063	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Qualitative Analysis of System Behavior” -- Kalagnanam, Jayant Ramarao -- Carnegie Institute of Technology, Department of Engineering and Public Policy -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 1991
FF12064	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Quick Word Spotting Techniques” -- Masaru, Tomita; Nakagawa, Sci-ichi; and Hauptmann, Alexander G. -- Computer Science Department,  Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF12065	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Reading Machine Problem; C.I.P. Working Paper #33; Draft” -- Lindsey, Robert K. -- GSIA, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1960

Box 130
Student Dissertations

FF12066	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Reasoning by Analogy with Applications to Heuristic Problems Solving: A Case Study” -- Kling, Robert Elliot -- Computer Science Department, Stanford University -- 1971
FF12067	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Reflections on Mechanism’ -- Tamburrini, Guglielmo -- Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, Columbia University -- 1987
FF12068	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Representations and Transfer of Shared Knowledge Structures in Similar Cognitive Procedures” -- Elio, Renee -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 1981
FF12069	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Representation of Dance in the Human Mind: An Introductory Study” -- Kolano, Thomas M. --  Carnegie Mellon University -- December 5, 1991
FF12070	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Research and Development as a Pattern in Industrial Management: A Case Study of Institutionalization and Uncertainty” -- White, Harrison -- GSIA, Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1959
FF12071	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Rhetorical Dynamics of Appellate Court Persuasion: An Exploratory Comparison of Advocates’ Brief Composing Process with Court Clerks’ Brief Reading and Review Process” -- Stratman, James F. -- Rhetoric Program, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1988
 
Box 130 - Continued
FF12072	Simon, Herbert A.--Dissertations -- Student Papers -- “Road Blocks in Problems Solving” -- Singer, Bryan--Carnegie Mellon University -- December 2,1999
FF12073	Simon, Herbert A.--Dissertations -- Student Papers -- “Rule Induction for Spacial Patterns” -- Farley, Tim--Carnegie Mellon University -- December 1, 1999
FF12074	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “SIR: A Computer Program for Semantic Information Retrieval” -- Raphael, Bertram -- Massachusetts Institute of Technology -- 1964
FF12075	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Semantic Memory” -- Quillian, M. Ross -- Bolt, Beranek and Newman, Inc. -- 1966
FF12076	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Sentence Disambiguation by Asking” -- Masaru, Tomita -- Computer Science Department,  Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF12077	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Short-Term Visual Memory Span” -- Cooper, David -- Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF12078	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Simultaneous retention of Auditory and Visual Information” -- Riley, Patrick F. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 4, 1997
FF12079	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Simon’s Theory of Productivity and Structural Change as the Basis for a New Apporach to Development: The Case of Pakistan” -- Wasty, Sulaiman Shaukat -- Cornell University -- 1989
FF12080	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Size Distribution of Firms” -- Engwall, Lars -- Department of Business Administration, Stockholm  University -- 1970
FF12081	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Social Costs of Air Pollution” -- Seskin, Eugene Paul -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF12082	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Some Studies in Game Playing with a Digital Computer” -- Williams, Thomas G. -- N.D.
FF12083	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Sourcebook for OSD: An Operating System Designer” -- Freeman, Peter Anthony -- Computer Science Department, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1969
FF12084	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “State Dependent Priority Rules for Scheduling” -- Vepsalainen, Ari P.J. -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1984
FF12085	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Statistical Study of Selective Min-Max Search in Computer Chess” -- Anantharaman, Thomas J. -- Carnegie Mellon School of Computer Science -- May 1990
FF12086	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Stimulus Sequence and its Influence upon Selected Responses to Dot Patterns” -- Been, Richard Thomas -- School of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
 
Box 131
Student Dissertations

FF12087	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Stochastic Modeling as a Means of Automatic Speech Recognition” -- Baker, James K. -- 1975
FF12088	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Strategies for Solving Water Jugs Problems” -- Tong, Xiang -- December 8, 1994
FF12089	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Studies Concerning Minimal Time Solutions To the Firing Squad Synchronization Problem” -- Balzer, Robert M. -- Center for the Study of Information Processing, Carnegie Institute of Technology, Advanced Research Projects Agency, Department of Defense -- 1966
FF12090	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Studies in the Psychology of Computer Text Editing Systems” -- Card, Stuart K. -- H&SS, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1978
FF12091	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Study of Decision Making: Job Choice” -- Soelberg, Per -- Alfred P. Sloan School of Management, Mssachusetts Institute of Technology -- 1966
FF12092	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Study of Decision Making: Job Choice, Volume II” -- Soelberg, Per -- Alfred P. Sloan School of Management , Massachusetts Institute of Technology -- N.D.
FF12093	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Study on The Systematic Functions of Information, Memory and Anticipation in Cybernetic Models of Neural Nets” -- Agerberg, Hans -- 1971
FF12094	A Study of Heuristic Learning Methods for Optimization Tasks Requiring Sequential Decisions” -- Huesmann, L. Rowell -- Social Sciences and Industrial Administration -- 1969
FF12095	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Strategy Decision-making: An expert systems implementation” -- Hidding, Gezinus Jacob Ph.D. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 1992
FF12096	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Structure and Experience in the Matching and Reproduction of Chess Patterns” -- Ellis, Stephen -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1973
FF12097	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Structure for Actions” -- Scragg, Greg W. -- Instituto per gli studi semantici e cognitvi,  Castagnola, Switzerland -- 1975
FF12098	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Structure of Experience Acquired While Learning to Solve a Class of Problems” -- Egan, Dennis Edmund -- Psychology Department, University of Michigan, 1973
FF12099	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Symbolic Imagery Hypothesis: A Production System Model, Vol. I” -- Moran, Thomas P. -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1973
FF12100	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Synergy in Cooperating Agents: Designing  Manipulators from Task Specifications” -- Murthy, Seshashayee -- Department of electrical and Computer Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1992
 
Box 131 - Continued
FF12101	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Syntax Analysis by a Production Language” -- Evans, Arthur, Jr. -- Center for the Study of Information Processing, Carnegie Institute of Technology, Advanced Research Projects Agency, Department of Defense -- 1965
FF12102	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Syntax Directed Interpretation of Natural Language” -- Coles, Stephen L. -- Center for the Study of Information Processing, Carnegie Institute of Technology, Advanced Research Projects Agency, Department of Defense -- 1967

Box 132
Student Dissertations

FF12103	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Systematic Functions of Information, Memory and Anticipation in Cybernetic Models of Neural Nets” -- Agerberg, Hans -- 1971
FF12104	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “System Function Description ALGOL; A Language for the Description of the Functions of Finite State Systems, The Simulation of Finite State Systems, and the Automatic Production of the State Tables of Such Systems,” -- Parnas, David Lorge -- Carnegie Institute of Technology -- 1965
FF12105	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Term Project Report for Psych 85-711, Fall ‘91”” -- Neta, Ram -- Carnegie Mellon University -- Fall, 1991
FF12106	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Theory and Use of The Method of Syntactic Symmetries -- Doig, Larry Joseph, B.A. -- Graduate School of The University of Texas -- 1965
FF12107	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Thought Methods of Chess Players: An Experimental Psychological Study” -- DeGroot, A.D. -- N.D.
FF12108	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Transfer of Knowledge in Programming” -- Katz, Irvin R. -- Department of Psychology, Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF12109	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Treatise on the Mind’s Eye: An Empirical Investigation of Visual Mental Imagery -- Baylor, George -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1971
FF12110	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Toward a Truly Dynamic Theory of Problem-Solving Group Effectiveness: Cognitive and Emotional Processes During the Root Cause Analysis Performed by a Business Process Re-Engineering Team” -- Khaimovich, Leonid -- University of Pittsburgh--1999
FF12111	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Tower of Hanoi Problem Isomorphs and Solution Processes” -- Kotovsky, Kenneth -- College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1983-1984
FF12112	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Toward the Development of a Machine Which Comprehends” -- Lindsey, Robert K. -- The University of Texas -- 1961
FF12113	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Tutoring Concepts, Percepts, and Rules in Geometry Problem Solving” -- Koedinger, Kenneth R. -- Psychology Department, Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D. 
 
Box 132 - Continued
FF12114	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Understanding Coreference in a System for Solving Physics Word Problems” -- Bulko, William Charles, B.S, M.S.C.S. -- University of Texas at Austin, 1989
FF12115	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Understanding Data Structures” -- Gerritsen, Rob -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 1974
FF12116	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Understanding Data Structures” -- Gerritsen, Rob -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF12117	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Understanding Process as Seen in Geometry Theorems” -- Bree, David S -- GSIA, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1968

Box 133
Student Dissertations

FF12118	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The United States Energy System -- A Unified Planning Framework” -- Hoffman, Kenneth C. -- Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn -- 1972
FF12119	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Use of Task Specific Cues and Manipulation of Environmental Distractors to Enhance Children’s Selective Attention” -- Ladewig, Iverson -- School of Education, University of Pittsburgh -- 1994
FF12120	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Using Diagram in Solving Algebra World Problem” -- Fan, Ning -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 8, 1994
FF12121	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Using Knowledge about the Opponent in Game-Tree Search” -- Jansen, Peter J. -- School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1992
FF12122	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Using Patterns and Plans to Solve Problems and Control Search” -- Wilkins, David Edward -- Computer Science Department, Stanford University -- 1979
FF12123	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “The Utility and Compositional Ramifications of Grouping Theory” -- Dworak, Paul Edward -- College of Fine Arts, Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF12124	Smon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “VIPS: A Visual Imagery and Perception System; the result of a protocol analysis, Volume II” -- Farley, Arthur Melvin -- Department of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1974
FF12125	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Verbalization and the Towers of Hanoi Problem: Solution and Strategy” -- Szteiter, Jeremy -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 7, 1995
FF12126	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Verbal Reasoning” -- Polk, Thad A. -- School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University -- 1992
FF12127	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Version Spaces: An Approach to Concept Learning” -- Department of Electrical Engineering, Stanford University -- 1978
 
Box 133 - Continued
FF12128	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Visual and Verbal Short-term Memory Capacity” -- Cohn, Daniel -- Carnegie Mellon University -- December 2, 1993
FF12129	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Working Memory, Learning and the Transfer of Non-Verbalizable Knowledge: Solving the Balls and Boxes Puzzle” -- Reber, Paul J. -- Department of Psychology -- Carnegie Mellon University -- N.D.
FF12130	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Efficient Context-Free Passing Algorithim for Natural Languages and Its Applications” -- Tomita, Masaru -- 1975
FF12131	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Elementary Natural Language Learning” -- Zhai, Chenxiang -- 1994
FF12132	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Equational and Diagrammatic Theorem Proving” -- Brown, Chad E -- December 4, 1977
FF12133	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “An Exploratory Analysis of the Solution of the Warp-Drive and Walking Salesman Tasks” -- Shechtman, Nicole -- December 7, 1995
FF12134	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Eyes for EPAM” -- Raymond, Scott - December 5, 1996
FF12135	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Studies of User Performance with Computer Text Editing Systems” -- Card, Stuart -- N.D.
FF12136	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “A Study of Language Translation” -- Jordan, Pamela W. -- December 1992
FF12137	Simon, Herbert A -- Student Dissertations -- “Visual vs. Auditory STM” -- Hyndman, Arn and Kumar, Manu – 1996
FF12138	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Walter Van Dyke Bingham and the Bureau of Personnel Research” -- Kraus, Michelle Paula – 1983

Box 134
Student Dissertations

FF12139	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Biased Heuristic Traders and Attainment of Bayesian Equilibria in Double Auctions” -- Jamal and Sunder – 1995
FF12140	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Combining Symbolic Computation and Theorem Proving” -- Clarke and Zhao -- 1994
FF12141	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Computational Theories of Human Object Recognition: -- Best, Brad -- Carnegie Mellon University – N.D.
FF12142	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations – “Eye Movements and Algebra Tutoring – Gluck, Kevin A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 1999 
FF12143	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Eye Movements and Algebra Tutoring – Gluck, Kevin A. -- Carnegie Mellon University -- 1999
FF12144	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Foreign Policy Decision Making” -- Gallhofer and Saris -- N.D.
FF12145	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Global Pattern Matching for Cognitively Faithful Proof Generation by an Automated Theorem Prover” -- Kim -- 1999
 
Box 134 - Continued
FF12146	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Goal-Oriented Rewriting Techniques for Carnegie Proof Tutor (CPT)” -- Kim – 1999
FF12147	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “How Interpersonal Interactions Affect Collaborative Scientific Discovery Under Conflicting Initial Assumptions” -- Ding – 2000
FF12148	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Intelligent Tutoring Systems have Forgotten the Tutor – Heffernan, Neil -- Carnegie Mellon University – N.D.
FF12149	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Internal Analogy; A First Step Towards a Unified Theory of Analogical Problem Solving” – Hickman, Angela Kennedy -- Carnegie Mellon University – N.D. --  **Restricted** -- 1 of 2
FF12150	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Internal Analogy; A First Step Towards a Unified Theory of Analogical Problem Solving” – Hickman, Angela Kennedy -- Carnegie Mellon University – N.D. --  **Restricted** -- 2 of 2
FF12151	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “A Knowledge Base Approach to the Design of Tension Leg Platforms” -- Rijken and Niedzwecki – 1991
FF12152	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Models of Feedback: Interpretation and Discovery”-- Richardson – 1996
FF12153	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Multimedia Tool for Mathematical Presentation” -- Kim – 1999
FF12154	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Non-Axiomatic Reasoning System-Exploring the Essence of Intelligence” -- Wang – 1995
FF12155	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “The Notion of Scientific ‘Creativity’; Artifact or Abstract Abstruseness?” – Harrison, John -- Carnegie Mellon University – N.D.
FF12156	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Primary Rules in a Production System: The Case of Decoding Korean Sentences” – Kim, Hyunchul – 1996 -- **Restricted** 
FF12157	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “The Role of Familiarity and Associateive Competition in Building Novel Structures” – Spehn, Michaela Katherine -- Carnegie Mellon University – 2000 -- **Restricted**
FF12158	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Searching an Hypothesis Space when Researching about Buoyant Forces” -- Okada -- N.D.
FF12159	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Simulating Human Performance on the Traveling Salesman Problem” – Best, Brad -- Carnegie Mellon University – 1999
FF12160	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Simulating Human Insight” -- Lim – 1995
FF12161	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- “Social and Emotional Agents” -- Reilly – 1993
FF12162	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Structural Equations Models, Bayesian Belief Networks and Reversible Causal Mechaisms” – Druzdzel, Marek J. --  Carnegie Mellon University – 1995
FF12163	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “Understanding Editorial Text: A Computer Model of Argument Comprehension” -- Alvarado – 1989
FF12164	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- Various Papers -- “Information Technology and Organizational Architecture” -- Brynjolfsson and Hitt – 1996
 
Box 134 - Continued
FF12165	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student Dissertations -- Various Papers -- “Internal Representation and Rule Development in Object-Oriented Design” -- Kim, Lerch, and Simon – 1994
FF12166	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- Various Papers – Lerch, F. Javier  --  Carnegie Mellon University  --  **Restricted Files** -- (1 of 2) -- 1996   
FF12167	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- Various Papers – Lerch, F. Javier  --  Carnegie Mellon University  --  **Restricted Files** -- (2 of 2) -- 1996   
FF12168	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- Various Papers – Valdez-Perez, Raul E.  --  Carnegie Mellon University  --  **Restricted Files** -- (1 of 3) – 1996
FF12169	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- Various Papers – Valdez-Perez, Raul E.  --  Carnegie Mellon University  --  **Restricted Files** -- (2 of 3) – 1996
FF12170	Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- Various Papers – Valdez-Perez, Raul E.  --  Carnegie Mellon University  --  **Restricted Files** -- (3 of 3) -- 1996 
FF12171	 Simon, Herbert A. -- Student  Dissertations -- “A Webguard for Protecting Kids, I : A Content Based Approach to Filter Porn Sites”  --  Ding, Wen X.  --  Carnegie Mellon University  --  N.D.


 
Series XI.  Awards  -- 1958-1998
Box 135
Awards

FF12172	2 - Albums (Photo) 
FF12173	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- American College of Hospital Administration -- The Hospital Administrator’s Award Medal -- N.D.
FF12174	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- American Psychological Foundation -- Gold Medal Award -- 1985
FF12175	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Chambre de Commerce ET D’Industrie-Marseille -- Medal -- N.D.
FF12176	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- From Cardinale Achille Silvestrini -- Medaglia Pontificia -- Commemorative Vatican Medal -- 1993
FF12177	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Huazhong University of Science & Technology -- Pin
FF12178	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- IMETAL -- French Economy Medal -- N.D.
FF12179	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Jewish Academy of Arts and Sciences -- Commemorative Medal -- N.D.
FF12180	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- La  Ville D’ Aix-en-Provence -- Medal -- N.D.
FF12181	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- La GRANDe Motte Languedoc -- Medal -- N.D.
FF12182	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Michigan Technological University -- Honorary Doctorate Degree (Science) -- N.D.
FF12183	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Universite de Droit d’Economie et des Sciences Medal -- AIX-MARSEILLE Medal -- N.D.
FF12184	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Universite Paul Valery Montpellier -- Medal -- N.D.
FF12185	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- University of Georgia -- Silver Medal -- 1985
FF12186	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- University of Padua -- Medal -- N.D.
FF12187	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Unknown -- Diploma-In Foreign Language -- N.D.
FF12188	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Unknown -- Medal -- Buddha on the Front -- N.D.
FF12189	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Unknown Giver -- Medal in Red Case -- N.D.
FF12190	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Wilhelm Wundt Institut -- World Congress of Psychology -- Medal -- 1980

Over-Size Box 136
Awards

FF12191	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Dow Jones & Company and the American Assembly of Collegiate Schools of Business -- Plaque -- 1983
FF12192	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Historical Society of Western Pennsylvania -- History Maker Award -- 1992
FF12193	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Hall of Fame -- Plaque -- 1980
FF12194	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Lund University -- Wreath -- 1968
FF12195	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Pittsburgh Jaycees -- Finance Award -- Plaque -- 1979
FF12196	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Remembrance of the Dedication of the Herbert A. Simon Auditorium -- Plaque -- N.D.
 
Box 136 - Continued
FF12197	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Society for Design & Process Science -- Honorary Member -- Plaque -- 1988
FF12198	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Society for Design of Process Science -- 1st Herbert A. Simon Gold Medal Award  -- N.D.

Over-Size Box 137
Awards

FF12199	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- American Psychological Foundation -- Psychological Science Gold Medal -- Plaque -- 1988
FF12200	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Loyola University of Chicago -- Loyola Mellon Social Science Award -- Plaque -- 1986
FF12201	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Northern Arizona University -- 1986 Honors Week Keynote Speaker -- Plaque -- N.D.
FF12202	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- The Lee Kuan Yew Distinguished Visitor Program -- Lee Kuan Yew Distinguished Visitor -- Diploma -- 1989
FF12203	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Unknown -- Foreign Language -- Diploma -- N.D.

Over-Size Box 138
Awards

FF12204	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- American Economic Association -- Distinguished Fellow -- Certificate -- 1976
FF12205	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- American Political Science Association -- John Gaus Award -- Certificate -- 2000
FF12206	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- American Society for Public Administration -- The Dwight Waldo Award -- Certificate -- 1995
FF12207	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- American Society for Public Administration -- Donald C. Stone Lecturer -- Certificate -- 1997
FF12208	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Certificate American Psychological Association -- Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award -- 1969
FF12209	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- European Management Forum -- Presentee aux Participants du Davos Symposium -- Lithograph -- 1980
FF12210	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Doctor of Humane Letters and Science: Honoris Causa -- Diploma -- 1988
FF12211	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Lund University -- Philosophiae Doctorem Honoris Causa -- Diploma -- N.D.
FF12212	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America -- Certificate of Membership -- 1967
FF12213	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Phi Kappa Phi -- Certificate of Membership -- 1950
FF12214	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- President’s Science Advisory Committee -- Certificate of Membership -- 1968
FF12215	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Romana Studiorum Universitas -- Diploma -- 1993
FF12216	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- The American Academy of Arts and Sciences -- Certificate of Membership -- 1959 
 
Box 138 - Continued
FF12217	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- The American Philosophical Society -- Fellowship -- Certificate -- 1959
FF12218	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- The American Political Science Association -- Distinguished Scholarly Contribution to Political Science -- Certificate -- 1984
FF12219	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- The International Academy of Management -- Certificate of Membership -- Letter -- 1983
FF12220	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Universitatis McGill -- Doctorem Juris Utriusque -- Diploma -- 1971
FF12221	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Universite Paul Valery, Montpellier -- Honorary Doctorate Degree -- Diploma -- 1984
FF12222	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- University of Pennsylvania -- Harold Pender Award -- Diploma -- 1987
FF12223	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- University of Pittsburgh -- Doctor of Letters: Honoris Causa -- Diploma -- 1997
FF12224	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Universtatis Erasmianae Roterodami -- Honorary Doctorate Degree in Economic Sciences -- Diploma -- 1973

Over-Size Box 139
Awards

FF12225	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Academy of Management -- Scholarly Contributions to Management Award -- Certificate -- 1983
FF12226	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- American Psychological Association -- Outstanding Lifetime Contribution to Psychology -- Certificate -- 1983
FF12227	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- City of Florence -- Certificate -- 1988
FF12228	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Duquesne University -- Honorary Doctorate Degree in Economic Science -- Diploma -- Program -- 1988
FF12229	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- President of the United States of America -- National Medal of Science -- Medal -- 1986
FF12230	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Texas A&M University President’s Lecturer -- Certificate of Appreciation -- 1984
FF12231	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- The International Honor Society -- Certificate of Membership -- 1986
FF12232	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Universita di Pavia -- Do Hore in Scienze Politiche Honoris Causa -- Diploma -- 1988
FF12233	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- University of Chicago Alumni Association -- Professional Achievement Award -- Certificate -- Program -- 1980
FF12234	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Unknown -- Foreign Language -- Diploma -- N.D.
FF12235	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Unknown -- Foreign Language -- Diploma -- N.D.
FF12236	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- World Affairs Council of Pittsburgh -- David Glick Award -- Certificate -- 1979

 
Over-Size Box 140
Awards

FF12237	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- American Association for Artificial Intelligence -- AAAI Fellow -- Certificate -- 1990
FF12238	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- American Psychological Association -- Outstanding Lifetime Contribution to Psychology -- Certificate -- 1993
FF12239	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- Illinois Institute of Technology -- Doctor of Humane Letters and Science -- Diploma -- 1988
FF12240	Simon Herbert A. -- Awards -- The British Psychological Society -- Honorary Fellow -- Certificate – 1988
 
Series XII. Miscellaneous -- 1942-2003
Box 141
Miscellaneous

FF12241	X	
FF12242	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Administrative Record -- Grade Ledger -- 1988-1995
FF12243	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Administrative Record -- Minutes -- Cosmos Club -- 1980
FF12244	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Actualizing Organizational Memory with Information Systems” -- Stein and Zwass -- Information Systems Research 6:2 -- Correspondence -- 1995
FF12245	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “The Affections and the Passions” -- Hirshleifer -- Rationality and Society 5:2 -- Memorandum -- 1993
FF12246	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- Alumni Awards -- University of Chicago Magazine -- September 1980
FF12247	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Are Logical Truths Analytic?” -- Hintikka -- The Philosophical Review 74:2 -- April 1965
FF12248	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Between Microtheories and Unified Theories” -- Cooper -- SOAR Tutorial (on floppy disk) -- 1994
FF12249	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Cognition for Interpreting Scientific Concepts: A Study of Acceleration” -- Reif and Allen -- Cognition and Instruction 9:1 -- 1992
FF12250	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Articles -- “Complexity and Adaptation” -- “Complexity and the Relaxation of Hierarchical Structures” -- “Ultra diffusion: The Relaxation of Hierarchical Structures”-- N.D.
FF12251	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Cues as Functional Constraints on Science Processing in Chinese” -- Li, Bates, Liu, MacWhinney -- Language and Processing in Chinese -- 1992
FF12252	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Does Information Technology Lead to Smaller Firms?” -- Brynjolfsson, Malone, Gurbaxani, and Kambil -- Management Science 40:12 -- 1994
FF12253	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Empirical Meaningfulness of Quantitative Statements” -- Przelecki -- Synthese 26 -- 1974
FF12254	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Evolution of an Experiment” -- Carnegie Tech Quarterly -- 1963
FF12255	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Experimental Market Economics” -- Smith and Williams -- Scientific American -- December 1992
FF12256	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Herbert Simon Appreciation and Aspiration” -- Hunt -- 	 -- 1980
FF12257	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Herbert Simon’s Economics” -- National Science Foundation -- Mosaic -- May/June 1979
FF12258	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Identifiability and Definability of Theoretical Concepts” -- Tuomela -- Ajatus 300 – 1968

Box 141 - Continued
FF12259	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Information and Inference” -- Hintikka and Suppes -- Reprint -- 1970
FF12260	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Information Systems and the Organization of Modern Enterprise” -- Brynjolfsson and Mendelson -- Journal of Organizational Computing 3:3 -- 1993
FF12261	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Is Thinking Uniquely Human?” -- Simon -- University of Chicago Magazine -- Fall 1981
FF12262	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “The Laws of Motion in Medieval Physics” -- Moody -- The Scientific Monthly 72:1 -- January 1951
FF12263	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “LT Revisited: Explanation-Based Learning and the Logic of Principia Mathematica” -- O’Rorke -- Machine Learning 4 -- 1989
FF12264	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Meaning Postules” --Carnap -- Philosophical Studies 3:5 -- October 1952
FF12265	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Meeting and Symmetry in Natural Languages” -- Philosophical Studies 6:3 -- April 1955
FF12266	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Millikan Lecture 1994: Understanding and Teaching Important Scientific Thought Processes” -- Reif -- American Journal of Physics 63:1 -- 1995
FF12267	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “A Model-Theoretic Approach to Some Problems in the Semantics of Empirical Languages” -- Przelecki -- Logic, Language and Probability --1973
FF12268	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Articles -- Near-Decomposability-- Various Authors -- 1975, 1979, 1987
FF12269	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “On Empirical Models of Scientific Theories” -- Tuomela -- Ajatus 30 -- 1968
FF12270	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “The Role of Deliberate Practice in the Acquisition of Expert Performance” -- Ericsson, Krampe, and Tesch-Römer -- Psychological Review 100:3 -- 1993
FF12271	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “The Role of Satisficing in Foraging Theory” -- Ward -- Oikos 63:2 -- 1992
FF12272	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “A Symposium on Probability: Part III” -- Carnap -- Philosophy and Phenomenological Research 6:4 -- June 1946
FF12273	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Article -- “Understanding Natural Language With Diagrams” -- Novak and Bulko -- 8th National Conference of A.I. Proceedings -- August 1990
FF12274	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Biography -- Obituary of Lewis A. Dexter -- Simon -- Correspondence -- April 1995
FF12275	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Certificate -- American Political Science Association -- 1982
FF12276	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Certificate -- Who’s Who in America -- 1980-1981
FF12277	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Chapter -- from La Pensee Economique depuis Keynes -- Beaud and Dostaler -- Correspondence – 1993
 
Box 141 - Continued
FF12278	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Akin, Omer -- Report -- 2000
FF12279	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Benzon, Bill -- Paper -- Articles -- 1995
FF12280	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Bower, Gordon -- 1978
FF12281	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Bowling, Michael -- Proposal -- 2000
FF12282	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Chang, Ha-Joon -- Papers -- Curriculum Vitae -- 1996
FF12283	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Computer Language Learning Group (Balistreire, Goldstein, Goschler) -- 1999
FF12284	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Unknown Correspondents -- 1980
FF12285	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Fabrega, Juan -- 1999 * Restricted *
FF12286	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- First Unitarian Church of Pittsburgh -- 1979
FF12287	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Forbus, Kenneth --1995
FF12288	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Formal Design Synthesis (Kotovsky and Cagan) -- 1999-2000
FF12289	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Glickman, Matt -- Outline -- 1997
FF12290	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Gunzelman, Glenn -- 2000
FF12291	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- International City Managers Association -- 1980
FF12292	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Invitation to Dinner in Marseilles -- 1984
FF12293	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Iwasaki, Yumi -- N.D., 1991-1993
FF12294	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Jolls, Kenneth R. -- October 6, 1992
FF12295	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Kilgore, Fran -- 1979
FF12296	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Letter of Recommendation for Jeffrey Zarrella -- Curriculum Vitae -- 2000-2001
FF12297	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Magnani, Gianluca -- Recommendation -- 1996-1999 * Restricted *
FF12298	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Marquette University -- 1979-1980
FF12299	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Mills, F.R. -- 1979
FF12300	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- National Science Foundation -- 1981
FF12301	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Park, Eunyoung -- 1999
FF12302	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Plott, Charles L. -- 1982
FF12303	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Qin, Yulin -- 1995
FF12304	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Schaffner, Kenneth – 1983
 
Box 141 - Continued
FF12305	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Sethi, Suresh -- Paper -- 1995
FF12306	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Simon, Barbara -- 1980
FF12307	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Subramanian, P.S. -- 1996
FF12308	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Takamiya, Susumu -- 1979-1980
FF12309	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Wilson, David Sloan -- Article -- “On the Relationship Between Evolutionary and Psychological Definitions of Altruism and Selfishness” -- 1992
FF12310	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Xu, Da -- 1999
FF12311	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Yom-Tov, Yorav -- Papers -- 1979, 1993
FF12312	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Yu, Jya-Li -- 1999-2000
FF12313	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Correspondence -- Zhu, Xin Ming -- 1986
FF12314	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Exam -- Multi-Aptitude Test, Form A -- 1955
FF12315	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- List -- 500 Largest US Industrial Corporations -- 1967, 1993
FF12316	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- List -- Indiana Elections Returns- 1816-1851 -- 1960
FF12317	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Manuscript -- Chunking Theory of Expertise: A Reassessment -- Author Unknown -- May 30, 1995
FF12318	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Manuscript -- “Mathematical Simulation of Lockhart Data with One Parameter” -- Author Unknown -- November 27, 1995
FF12319	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Memorandum -- Faculty Evaluations -- April 23, 1980
FF12320	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Memorandum -- Larkin, Jill -- May 29, 1996
FF12321	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Articles -- Simon -- Reference Material -- 1978, 1988-1989, 1994
FF12322	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Articles-- Simon -- Reference Material -- 1980, n.d.
FF12323	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Articles -- Simon -- Reference Material -- 1988-1992
FF12324	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Bibliography -- 1995
FF12325	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Manuscript -- Chapters -- “Motivation and the Theory of the Firm” -- “Behavioural Economics” -- “Bounded Rationality” -- 1995
FF12326	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Manuscript -- Chapter -- “The Steam Engine and the Computer” -- 1986, 1995
FF12327	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Models Of Bounded Rationality -- Manuscript -- Section 2 - The Advance of Information Technology -- Reference Material -- 1995
FF12328	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Manuscript -- Table of Contents -- Introduction -- 1995
FF12329	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Memorandum – 1982
 
Box 141 - Continued
FF12330	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Notes -- Globe, Monster Study -- 1981
FF12331	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Notes -- Information Processing -- Articles -- N.D. 1969, 1980
FF12332	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Notes -- Mathematical Physics and Philosophy of Physics Notebook -- N.D.
FF12333	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Outline -- Bullet-Form History: Computing and Computer Science -- Koehler -- Correspondence -- 1994
FF12334	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Outline -- Trustee Evaluation of Mehrabian Presidency -- 1995 
FF12335	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “Allocative Efficiency of Markets with Zero Intelligence (ZI) Traders” -- Gode and Sunder -- April 1991
FF12336	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “Analysis of Briggs Data Using a Mathematical Model” -- Richman -- November 25, 1995
FF12337	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- The Chunking of Skill and Knowledge” -- Rosenbloom, Laird, and Newell -- August 18, 1987
FF12338	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “Computers and Economic Growth: Firm Level Evidence” -- Brynjolfsson and Hitt -- 1994
FF12339	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “Definability Problems in the Methodology of Science” -- Rantala -- N.D.
FF12340	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “The Economy as a Team: Mass Production, Wholesaling, Money and Coordination” -- Bryant -- Correspondence -- 1994-1995
FF12341	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “From Vendors to Partners: information Technology and Incomplete Contracts in Buyer-Supplier Relationships” -- Bakos and Brynjolfsson -- 1993
FF12342	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “The Heuristic Compiler” -- Simon -- May 1963
FF12343	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “Inductive Reasoning, Bounded Rationality, and the Bar Problem” -- Arthur -- January 6, 1994
FF12344	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “Information Assets, Technology and Organization” -- Brynjolfsson -- Correspondence -- 1993, 1996
FF12345	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “Law Encoding Diagrams for Instruction” -- And empirical Investigation of Law-Encoding Diagrams for Instruction” -- “Problem Solving and Learning With Diagrammatic Representations in Physics” -- Cheng -- 1993-1994
FF12346	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “Naturalizing Epistomology: Quine, Simon, and The Prospects for Pragmatism” -- Stitch -- 1993
FF12347	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “Public Policy and Discourse Analysis: A Rhetorical Approach” -- Gill, Potter, and Webb -- June 12, 1995
FF12348	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “Recycling the Garbage Can: An assessment of the Research Program” -- Bender, Moe, and Shotts -- 1996
FF12349	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “A Simulation of Visual Imagery” -- Kosslyn and Schwartz -- N.D.
 
Box 142
Miscellaneous

FF12350	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “Syntax Directed Interpretation of Natural Language” -- Coles -- 1967
FF12351	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “A Theory  of the Computational Architecture of Sentence Comprehension’ -- Lewis -- 1995
FF12352	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Paper -- “What’s the Problem?” -- Baylor -- 1991
FF12353	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Proceedings -- Western Joint Computer Conference -- March 1955
FF12354	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Protocol Study -- Anzai and Simon -- Notes -- N.D.
FF12355	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Protocol Study -- Differences in Solving Physics Problems -- Chapter -- “Individual Differences in Solving Physics Problems” -- Simon and Simon -- Children’s Thinking -- Siegler, ed. -- Abstract -- Commentary -- 1978
FF12356	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Protocol Study -- Differences in Solving Physics Problems -- Computer Programs -- 1977
FF12357	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Protocol Study -- Differences in Solving Physics Problems -- Protocol Scripts -- 1976
FF12358	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Protocol Study -- Differences in Solving Physics Problems -- Subject Data -- 1977- 1978
FF12359	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Protocol Study -- Differences in Solving Physics Problems -- Transaction Logs -- 1977-1978
FF12360	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Publication -- Booklet -- Karoliska Institutet -- N.D.
FF12361	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Publication -- Book Cover -- Models of Man -- N.D.
FF12362	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Publication -- Handbook -- Heinz School Ph.D Student Handbook -- August 1999
FF12363	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Publication -- Journal -- Journal of Memory and Language 27:2 -- April 1988
FF12364	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Publication -- Program -- Gaither Lectures, UC Berkeley -- Correspondence -- 1980
FF12365	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Publication -- The Knowledge Education Review 7:1 -- March 1992
FF12366	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Publication -- Perspectives on Science 8:4 -- Winter 2000
FF12367	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Publication -- Program -- National Academy of Sciences -- April 1982
FF12368	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Publication -- Program -- The Pittsburgh Unitarian -- January 12-26, 1979
FF12369	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Publication -- Program -- A House for the American Academy of Arts and Sciences -- April 2, 1979
 
Box 142 - Continued
FF12370	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Publication -- Science News 147:23 -- June 10, 1995
FF12371	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Report -- Andrew Carnegie Society Annual Report -- 1980-1981
FF12372	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Report -- Computer Printout -- N.D.
FF12373	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Report -- “Contract Responsibility in the Management of Chinese Enterprises” -- Simon -- Correspondence -- 1987, 1994
FF12374	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Report -- “Chunking in SOAR: The Anatomy of a General Learning Mechanism” -- Laird, Rosenbloom, and Newell -- September 1985
FF12375	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Schedule -- Agenda -- American Society for Public Administration -- November 1979
FF12376	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Schedule -- Agenda -- The New Industrial Organization Conference -- October 1977
FF12377	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Schedule -- China Trip Itenerary -- 1980
FF12378	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Schedule -- IJCAi 14th International Conference -- August 1995
FF12379	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Schedule -- Sixth Annual Academic Festival, University of Minnesota -- May 1995
FF12380	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Schedule -- Social Sciences 50th Anniversary Celebration -- December 1979
FF12381	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Schedule -- University of Pittsburgh American-German Conference on Utilization of Knowledge Acquired Abroad -- 1981
FF12382	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Speech -- “Presentation of Walter Sullivan” -- Program -- 117th Annual Meeting of the National Academy of Sciences -- April 1980
FF12383	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Speech -- William James Lectures, Harvard University -- Notes -- Outline -- 1963
FF12384	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Transcript -- BBC Interview -- Herbert Simon -- 1980
FF12385	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Transcript -- Interview with Allen Newell by Arthur L Norberg -- Notes -- Graphs -- June 10, 1991
Oversize Folders
FF12386	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Models of Bounded Rationality -- Graphic Material -- Book Covers -- 1982
FF12387	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Programming Instructions -- SPEL Spelling Program -- Printouts -- Notes -- 1975

Box 143
Miscellaneous

FF12388	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Address Card File -- N.D.
FF12389	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Bibliography Card File -- N.D.
FF12390	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “Problem Solving or and AI Approaches” -- N.D.
 
Box 143 - Continued
FF12391	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “H. Simon C.S. in China” -- September 6, 1972
FF12392	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “H. Simon C.S. in China, Tape 2” -- September 6, 1972
FF12393	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “ACM; Turing” -- N.D.
FF12394	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “Simon and Goodin, Jones/March APSA” -- 1997
FF12395	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “Dr. Simon’s speech on China done in Ballroom at Skibo” -- September, 1972
FF12396	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “The 15th CIOS International Management Congress I-B The Impact of the Computer on Management, Dr. Herbert A. Simon” -- November 5, 1969
FF12397	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “Nihon No Ongaku” -- N.D.
FF12398	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “Pronunciation Drill” -- 1982
FF12399	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “3/18/71, 3/24/71” -- March 18, 1971;  March 24, 1971
FF12400	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes – Unlabeled -- N.D.
FF12401	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- Unlabeled -- N.D.
FF12402	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- Unlabeled -- N.D.
FF12403	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- Unlabeled -- N.D.
FF12404	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “Lessons 9 and 10” -- N.D.
FF12405	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “Lesson 6, Lesson 7, Lesson 8 starts” -- N.D.
FF12406	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “Lesson 8 continued, Start Lesson 9” -- N.D.
FF12407	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “Lesson 10, Lesson 11” -- N.D.
FF12408	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “History Speaks; Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Book of the Month Club Records, Cassette No. 1” -- 1984
FF12409	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “History Speaks; Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Book of the Month Club Records, Cassette No. 2” -- 1984
FF12410	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Cassette Tapes -- “History Speaks; Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Book of the Month Club Records, Cassette No. 3” -- 1984
FF12411	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “CT Einstein” -- N.D.
FF12412	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “CT 1988” -- 1988
FF12413	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “CT 2.0” -- N.D.
FF12414	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Versutern” -- N.D.
FF12415	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “MacKermic CMU Backup Copy; HP Interface, HD Kermic” -- N.D.
FF12416	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Excel Utilities 1; Backup Copy” -- N.D.
FF12417	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Excel Utilities 2, Backup Copy” -- N.D.
 
Box 143 - Continued
FF12418	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Excel Setup; Backup copy” -- N.D.
FF12419	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Hypercard Program, Backup copy” -- N.D.
FF12420	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Looking inside the Macintosh II fx, Backup Copy” -- N.D.
FF12421	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “For Dot’s Printer” -- N.D.
FF12422	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Some Iconic Representation from Rudy Krutar, NRL code 5151” -- September 24, 1990
FF12423	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “OPS (in package OPS” -- N.D.
FF12424	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “CMU Model 3 demo, CMU Model 4 demo, CMU Model 4 description, tuition and enroll. 2” -- August 8, 1991; October 6, 1991
FF12425	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “AB Scanned Chapters; 12, 13, 14, 15” -- N.D.
FF12426	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “CMU Models” -- December 6, 1991
FF12427	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “HAS.cds.4 Lisp 20 Part 1” -- N.D.
FF12428	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “HAS.cds.4 Lisp 20 Part 2” -- N.D.
FF12429	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Analogy” -- N.D.
FF12430	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Misapplications” -- April 3, 1995
FF12431	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- Unlabeled -- N.D.
FF12432	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Libraries, tools, misc., series” -- N.D.
FF12433	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “MCL Program” -- N.D.
FF12434	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Compact Pro” -- N.D.
FF12435	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Anderson HAS Bio and catalogue material” -- N.D.
FF12436	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Milan, Original” -- N.D.
FF12437	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Milan MAC” -- N.D.
FF12438	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Jeff Christensen” -- N.D.
FF12439	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Einstein Protocals; Steven” -- N.D.
FF12440	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Einstein Protocal; Greg, Jeff” -- N.D.
FF12441	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Einstein Protocal; Bob, Roland, Magriet” -- N.D.
FF12442	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “OPS 5; Imaging; Einstein (computer simulation of Imagery processes)” -- N.D.
FF12443	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Thesis, Yulin Qin, 1992” – 1992
 
Box 143 - Continued
FF12444	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Section 2; analysed protocols, some draft (named section 4) and protocal analysis” -- N.D.
FF12445	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “3 Conference Papers” -- N.D.
FF12446	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Qin, others 1. Jaime, analysis; 2. reorganized protocols for section 3, 3. x’part” -- N.D.
FF12447	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Write Now! Word Processor” -- N.D.
FF12448	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “bad disk” -- N.D.
FF12449	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Chess Memory (3)” -- N.D.
FF12450	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Bib and Bios” -- February 16, 1995
FF12451	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Replication paper” -- N.D.
FF12452	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Chess Threory; mirror image and random” -- N.D.
FF12453	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Gobet, Simon Chess” -- N.D.
FF12454	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “HAS, cds; 411/711 Syllabus intro, Assignments #3 and 4; EPAM, Class; NSF Report” -- N.D.
FF12455	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Cognitive Revolution; O’Donohue and Naugle, IBM disk” -- N.D.
FF12456	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “CMU Models, MindMatters.out” -- December 2, 1991
FF12457	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “1995 Spring symposium;  AAAP ’95; Boole; Design; Foreign Language; IJCAI ‘ 95; midday moon, NAS Wayland Gop., Huygeus, Rationality in PS; memories of von Neumann” -- N.D.
FF12458	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Computer Discs -- “Stuffit” -- July 24, 1991
FF12459	Simon, Herbert A. -- Miscellaneous -- Publication -- Book -- Alternative Theories of the Firm vols 1-3 -- Langois, Yu, and Robertson -- Edward Elgar Publishing -- 2003